
Just the two of us.. (8X)

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey) no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama? She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women
that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin
dinner while you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
and me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!

See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba? 
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
we're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!

Just the two of us.. (4X)

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby
is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ASK
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby
ft Tupac


(Part 1: Tupac)
Sometimes its hard, to wake up in the morning
Mind full of demons, I dont wanna hear 'em anymore
Got me heartbroken, fine, So many babies screamin
Cuz they seeing destruction before they see a human being
So they start smokin weed, we'll never get our day
Until we learn to pray, keep our families safe
Cuz they all broken, why? Two ghetto birds die
Before we learn to fly
Somebody else can say im pokin guns, smokin weed
Can all make the change so im told but i havent seen a change unfold
I keep hopin, please! If you prefer to breath
Communities in need, of people that we lead
Keep your eyes open now, then only say I try
Until the day I die, I promised to be wise
With my heart open, greed, brings only misery
A weight of tragedy, so I stay sucker free
Only a few chosen rise, my ghetto queens rise
Dont be afraid to try, too many of us die
For the thought of hopen wise, my brothers speak wise
They focus on the prize, till everybody dies

(Part 2: Eminem)
We could only learn to take, our anger and our hate
Control our mental state, settle down and just set it straight
Maybe we could learn to take, a second to pump the brakes
But we said it, regret it later, and let it escalade
Cuz by then its just too late, theres so much we can take
Theres only so much someone can swallow and tolerate
Till the point that he just breaks, snaps and thats all it takes
You think that we was learnin from other rappers mistakes
But we aint, his brain will go against
With every artist comes an image he portrays
And a picture that he paints
But in the midst of all this anger and this gangs
Never once did you hear me say I'm a gangsta
And I aint hear no complaints
But I know, that I will always continue to grow
As long as I lead, and never follow noone else's shadow
There will never be another me, and that I will guarantee
Its that why I remain sucker free, to this day
The game, will never be the same
No matter how much fame or success they attain
There will never be another me
And no matter what they do, there will never be another you
You can search but you'll never find
You can try to rewind time, but in your hearts and your minds
We will never die, we are forever alive
When we continue going, one day at a time

(Part 3: Outlawz #1)
Dont get caught in the publicity, and caught in the hype
Rappers are, regular people minus money and lights
Searchin for, fortune and fame and super stardom
All the jewelry, all the cars, who screws the hardest
Now the Hip Hop Police's surveillance is watchin
And the kids think beef is their only option
Outlawz, poor and filthy, guilty as charged
My memories they can die, my -Makaveli- lives on
You think the industry is fun, and no pity with guns
And when your money is up, thats when your enemies come
So if he died and came back, would he try to save rap
We needin a change, the drama remains

(Part 4: Outlawz #2)
I spend my whole life,(yeah) fightin myself
That, I cant win, so I'm invitin some help
And every now and then, I take rights on the left
I'm still just like a kid, lookin for stripes on my belt
That day is a fight in itself
So I just pray and hope God take a light to myself
No matter how much I try to stay alive, I'mma die, mad
Still standin and in love with my pride

(Part 5: Outlawz #3)
My hard frivilous beef, we passed that
Im tryna keep some in c-comin and then collect on my ass cap
But rappers in the game aint changed
And I finally realized that we not in the same game
The hatin will never end, so I guess I'll deal with it
Them 4-5 a cop, chillers just I'm still with it
Them streets is military, you gotta be a soldier
Gotta stay lirry and keep your eyes on the Rollers
They do what they gotta do to shackle and hold us
So we gotta do it, we gotta do to keep growin
One way at a time, keep the faith in your mind
When we continue growin, one day at a time (Damn!)
(Royce da 5’9″)
Ryan’s a homicidal misfit
I write the solution to biophysics
On the side of a cliff in some hieroglyphics
This my mission of having violent psychotic
Quick devour polish it, politics
By the way I’m higher than the Eiffel Tower tip
I like writin’, but I will stick this pencil your ass before I bite your shit
Pause, inhalin’ hella kusha
Us and Yelawolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push
Felons, crooks, goin’ door-to-door like we sellin’ books
Dolly Parton style, melons mushed
Now my bitch a dancer, I’m ’bout as sick as cancer
If you could swallow my style, you’d prob’ly rip your pants off
If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody
It prob’ly’ll smell like cologne made out of bits of panther
They call me Anchorman, I hold down the ship
Leave you ***** floatin’ in water, then go and drown a fish
Fuck, I’m fuckin’ heinous, I make you fuckin’ famous
Them lead showers is comin’, fuck is you sayin’?

(Eminem)
Fuck, it’s fuckin’ rainin’! Shit, there’s lightning!
Bitch, it’s thunderin’, ’cause I’m hustlin’ up a storm if you wonderin’
Shit (Shit), you couldn’t muster up enough thought
To take a dump during a brain fart, jump if you want
Urine in your face, all you had to do was say
That you wish you would’ve just stayed pissed off in the first place
We came to monopolize the game, Illuminati is here
Yeah, human oddities, at odds with us, your squad’s gotta be
‘Cause we started out cold in a snowball, we froze
Soon as we rolled up on these hoes, all’s we know
Is y’all lowered like bar like limbo, you know who you are
So quit fuckin’ the dog ‘fore we start callin’ you bizarre
Shit, screw the pooch? Y’all done raped a pit bull
Fell in love with the shih-tzu, this missile’s directed directly at you
And this for these hoes who don’t know me from a can of paint
You must be huffin’, fuck a ballsack, if the taints cain’t
Take you on a date, you mistake me for a gentleman
You 2000 and late, man, and Will I ain’t, I’m the bad guy
Type of guy that’ll drag five girls up on stage
Pour ice in their pants, and the first one who pees gets a black eye

(Eminem)
Must be outta your mind, you think you fuckin’ with us
Suck on these nuts, bitch, hang it up, this game is over

(Joell Ortiz)
Puffin’ loosies, watchin’ I Love Lucy with Gary Busey
(Crazy!) How the fuck could you son me? (I’m Shady!)
Will there ever come a day when they could slay me?
I don’t know, fifth month, black and yellow insect, maybe
‘Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me
Everything you kick weak, your spit kung fugazi (Hi-ya!)
All my homeboys, 2.0 Boys
Nickle, I just picked up a Phantom, look how it rolls, Royce!
Even if I wanted to quit, I ain’t got no choice
Verses keep comin’, I should invoice my own voice
You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist
Hoes be like diamonds in your chain, man, so moist
Bang bang, bang bang, House Gang, chainsaw
Here to kill you pussies, don’t ask what we came for
I write ’til my right arm veins sore
Forearm feel like Thor’s arm in a gang war
You hear that (YAOWA), you know who finna file out
Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that eyeball
Piranha mentality wit’ a Jaws bite all night
Comin’ up, never saw light, but never lost sight

(Joe Budden)
Jets and movers, cesspoolers, meth abusers
You step to us, text Rugers to respect the shooters
My men think in sync, roll with the best crew
Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger
Welcome to Nayhood, big in the ‘jects, G
Cheated death multiple times without riggin’ the deck
So I’m well-prepped if you just want war
There’ll be blood everywhere, you be layin’ on the Louboutin floor
It’s raw, you keepin’ actin’ like you don’t know Mouse, *****
And you gon’ need the best doctors, House, *****
Guard your jewels and avoid large tools
‘Cause after I spill you at the light, you be in a car pool
Keep your distance from idiots, ’cause the truth told
They food for thought’s rotten, they gems are fool’s gold
Need results from my actions, mistakes I’ll exonerate
I’m Martin King starin’ at a picture of Obama’s face
Talkin’ funds, ***** ain’t never seen stock
I don’t need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock

Must be outta your mind, you think you fuckin’ with us
Suck on these nuts, bitch, hang it up, this game is over

(Crooked I)
Takeoff
You invited inside of the mind of
A psychotic rhymer, I’m kind of a (Dahmer!), I’m grindin’
Now rappers are linin’ up jackers, I’m climbin’ up ladders
I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama
You liars and actors, I’m the genuine article
But read me wrong, get my gun and split you to particles
(The gold hand) Tell me when and I’m there
Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air
Stay fly like a limited fare
You got us pegged wrong, my circle don’t fit in with squares
I smell shit and piss, know where it’s comin’ from
You stepped on number two just to be number one
Now I’ma step on you, bring it to yo’ yard
Bogart for arts, we go hard
You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the west
I’m Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart

(Yelawolf)
I got no Jim Beam in the liver
Gettin’ head like clean clippers, wit’ haters on my dick like a jeans zipper
When I throw up 16s like I drink liqour
You think you seen sick? Well, bitch, you ain’t seen sicker
Then I’ll crack, and then I’ll hop around in a hospital gown
Poppin’ the trunk, my pumper stay cockin’ the round
I shit logs and I piss river brown
‘Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile
And that’s as close as I get to a pyramid
Shit, they think I’m Illuminati, so fuckin’ ignorant
Sick with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent
But when you win, they say you a sin, but in the end
They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playin’
Skinny-ass pants saggin’, it’s only yourself you playin’
Call me a clown, but you love where the clown’s hangin’
And the freakshow’s at the county carnival, then you payin’
Bitch, I’m on a trapeze with no legs in the dark
Yellin’ “Go Shady!” Drivin’ slower than an old lady
In an old ’89, no piece if you pay me
Gimme peace sign on my grill, no Mercedes
I’m gettin’ paid for these shows that I throw lately
Same shows a year ago woulda broken most of you crazies
They call me crazy ’cause I made it
Bitch, you crazy ’cause you quit, look at my clique lately
You ain’t fuckin’ wit’ Budden, you ain’t got no choice with Royce
You don’t wanna see the Crooked I, well, listen to Ortiz voice
That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the Porno Boys
And if Marshall want me to clap, then, homie, I deploy
Game over
(Yo, I don’t think they heard you, tell ‘em again)
Game over
[intro]
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
yeah
too late
i can't keep chasing em
taking my life back
caught in a chase
25 to life

[verse 1]

I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I made
maybe if this bitch had acted right I would’ve stayed
but i've already wasted over half of my life
I would’ve laid down and died for you
I no longer cry for you
no more pain bitch you
took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
into the dirt I can no longer stand it
now my respect I demand it
i'm a take control of this relationship
command it, and imma be the boss of you now goddamnit
and what i mean is that I will no longer let you control me
so you better hear me out this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you, why I’ve stayed?
faithful all the way, this is how I fucking get repaid
look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess
always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet
not even once say you apreciate me i deserve respect
i've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness
and i know that if I end this I’ll no longer have nothing left
but you keep treating me like a staircase it's time to fucking step
and i won't be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath
you know what you've done no need to go in depth
i told you, you'd be sorry if i fucking left
i'd laugh while you wept
how's it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it, you neglected me
did me a favor though my spirit free you've said
but a special place for you in my heart i have kept
it's unfortunate but it's,

[chorus]
Too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life

[verse 2]

i feel like when i bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh
cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half
til i snap
don't think i'm loyal
all i do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side
i have no life outside of that
don't i give you enough of my time
you don't think so do you
jealous when i spend time with the girls
why i'm married to you still man i don't know
but tonight i'm serving you with papers
i'm divoricing you
go marry someone else and make em famous
and take away there freedom like you did to me
treat em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you
feed em the same shit that you made me eat
i'm moving on forget you oh,
now i'm special, I ain't feel special when i was with you
all i ever felt was this
helplessness
imprisoned by a selfish bitch
chew me up and spit me out
i fell for this so many times
it's ridiculus
and still i stick with this
i'm sick of this, but in my sickness, an addiction
your as addictive as they get
they get evil as they come
vindictive as they make em
my friends keep asking me why i cant just walk away from em.
I'm addicted to the pain, the stress, the drama
i'm drawn to, shit i guess i'm a mess
cursed and blessed
but this time i'm a
ain't changing my mind
i'm climbing out this abyss
you screaming as I walk out that I’ll be missed
but when you spoke of people who meant the most to you
you left me off your list
fuck you hip-hop
i'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch
and it's just

[chorus]
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late for the other side
caught in a chase
25 to life
too late
caught in a chase
25 to life
[End]
[Intro]
There is no escaping, there's no place to hide
You scream someone save me, but they don't pay no mind
Goodnight, goodbye

[Verse 1]
You're walking down a horror corridor
It's almost four in the morning and you're in a nightmare, it's horrible
Right there's the coroner, waiting for ya
To turn the corner so he can corner ya, you're a goner, he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw ya run
All ya want is to rest cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again, swallowing a Klonopin
While I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then
Lick my finger and swirl it round the bottom and
Make sure I got all of it, wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I musta just blacked out again, not again

[Hook]
It's 3 a.m. in the morning, put my key in the door
Bodies laying all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I musta killed 'em, killed 'em

[Verse 2]
Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the aloe and Lanolin
Bust all over the wall panelin'
Dismantlin' every candle on top of the fireplace mantle and
Grab my flannel and my bandana then kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens
Causing illusions again, brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin, razors, scissors and pins
Jesus, when does it end?
Phases that I go through, dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who gave these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do? Hey, the prodigal son
The diabolical one, very methodical when I slaughter them

[Hook]

[Bridge]
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again

[Verse 3]
I dump and I slash, slice and gash
Last night was a blast, I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half pint of the Jack
My last Vic and a half, a fleshlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December, I think it was: I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights, pushed him into the stinkin' tub
Cut him up into pieces and just when I went to drink his blood
I thought I oughta drink his bath water, that oughta be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me; that might be an artery, son
Your bloodcurdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 a.m. and here I come, so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here, man, there's gotta be one
Oh no, there's probably none, he can scream all that he wants
Top of his lungs, but ain't no stopping me from chopping him up-up
I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless 
Patrolling corners 
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
I'm meaner in action 
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer 
And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
I grew up in the wild hood 
As a hazardous youth 
With a fucked up childhood 
That I used as an excuse 
And ain't shit changed 
But kept the same mindstate 
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
You probably think that I'm a negative person Don't be so sure of it 
I don't promote violence I just encourage it 
I laugh at the sight of death 
As I fall down a cement flight of steps 
And land inside a bed of spider webs 
So throw caution to the wind 
You and a friend 
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
Shit, why not? 
Blow your brain out 
I'm blowing mine out 
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now 

It's only fair to warn 
I was born with a set of horns 
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord 
Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board 
That smashed into your Honda Accord 
With a 4 door Ford 
But a more toward (?) droppin an accapella 
The choppa (?) fella 
The mozarella 
Worse than a hellacopta propella 
Got you locked in the cella 
With your skeleton showing 
Developing anorexia 
While I'm standin next to ya 
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death 
With an IV in your veins 
Feeding you liquid darvicet 
Pumping you full of drugs 
Pull the plugs 
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
Who were picked up in an ambulance 
And driven 
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants 
And given 
A less than 20 percent chance 
Of living 
Have a possible placement 
It's a hospital patient 
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived 
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!" 
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp 
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth 
Better call the fire department 
I've hired a arson 
To set fire to carpet 
And burn up your entire apartment 
I'm a liar to start shit (?) 
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick 
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit 

Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg 
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg 
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40 
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D 
Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead 
No more said case closed end of discussion 
I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion 
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
Cross the bombas 
We blowin up your house killing your parents 
and coming back to get your foster mommas 
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus 
Cause I aint making no more threats 
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
I'm more or less sick in the head 
Maybe more cause I smoked crack 
today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath 
Walk the block with a labrador 
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador 
Foul style galore 
Verbal cow manure 
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure
Now everybody from the 3-1-3
Put you motherfuckin' hands up and follow me
Everybody from the 3-1-3
Put Your motherfuckin' hands up
Look, look

Now while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
The Free World got you gased up 
Now who's afraid of teh big bad wolf ?

1,2,3 and to the 4
1pac, 2pac, 3pac, 4
4pac, 3pac, 2pac, 1
You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none

This guy ain't no mother-fuckin' MC
I know everything he's got to say againtsme,
I am white, I am a fuckin' bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,
My boy Future is an uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob, who shoots himself in the leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standin' here and screamin' "FUCK THE FREE WORLD"
Don't ever try to judge me dude
You don't know what the fuck i've  been through

But i know something about you,
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
what's the matter dawg ? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster ? He's real name's Clarence !

And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence's parents have a real good  marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
Cause there no such things as half-way crooks
He's scared to death
He's scared to look in his fuckin' yearbook, fuck Cranbrook!

Fuck the beat, I go acapella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody
Fuck y'all if you doubt me
I'm a piece of fuckin' white trash, I say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty,
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me.
[Eye-Kyu] 
Now what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
None of these skills you bout to see come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me 
If you ever wanna be one see 

[Eminem] 
Man what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
None of these skills you bout to see come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
If you ever wanna be one see 

[Eye-Kyu] 
Yo some people say I'm whack, now if that's right 
I'm the freshest whack MC that you ever heard, in your lifetime 
My slick accapella sounds clever with the beats 
Boy I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets 
Forgot a gold digger's succubus, my souls thick with ruggedness 
With the mic I'm like a dyke, can't no nigga fuck with this 
I got more Different Strokes than Philip Drummound 
On open mic I bone your women just to keep my lyrics coming (bitch) 
We elevated to new heights premeditated 
Let it be that I stated they hate it now that they see that I made it 
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness 
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it 
So I take it that's the reason I'm hated 
To represent my temperment 
If rap was a dick all you so called hard MC's would not be impitant 
But pimping it, and acting like you could rock a show (so) 
Harder than LL's Rock the Bells, but you is a ho (now) 
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
My rhymes they keep coming like nympho maniacs that masturbate 
At a faster rate, yeah I got something for your ass to hate 
I blasterate, and have you all running master gates 
And as for face clutching and touching the flows 
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose 
Bucking these hoes, I got that shit down to a science 
Leaving them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance 
Defiance, no we won't have that 
You want your shit to blow up? 
Well I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
And blast that shit to kingdom come 
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
I drop beats and you ain't singing or gonna do a thing about 
And you all knew from Meeko 
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Forigno 
So stop that bullshit and flow 
Yo, you need to come with the real skills, and act like you know 

[Chorus] 
So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
None of these skills you bout to see come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
If you ever wanna be one see 

[Eminem] 
So what, you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
You don't know shit so when you see one flee 
You can be Run-D, you'll never beat the MC 
I'll stop the alphabet at S and got it down to a T 
I'm sure your bound to agree, a sweet MC crashes the spot 
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott 
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me 
I'll run your brain around the block to jog your fucking memory 
It's either them or me man, kill or be killed 
You will and be sealed your casket closed you still gonna be billed 
My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity 
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty 
If he's acting soft and he cowers 
He better come cleaner then Jay Rue jacking off when he showers 
You flowers got no clout with a thing 
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang 
I showered the slang, simple as A,B,C's 
Skip over the D's and rock the microphone with E's 
Dethrone MC's and I'ma max alone 
Relax your dome like a solo from a saxophone 
So facts are known, writers get treated with shocks 
I rock a beat harder then you could beat it with rocks 
I'm greeted with flocks, of fellow follower's singers 
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their 
fingers 
But you can bring yours let's see what you got 
But don't front and never try to be what you're not 
Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back 
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't Jack 

[Chorus] 
So what you know about a sweet MC, from the 313 
None of these skills you just seen come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me 
So you ain't ever gonna be one see 
Eminem: So what you know about a sweet MC, in the 313 
None of these skills that you just seen come free 
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you'll never become me 
So you ain't ever gonna be one see!
[Hook:]
[Skam]
Yo, I'm tryin' to be the man of the day
Three six five a year
See the bullshit you sayin', Skam ain't
Tryin' to hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin' lyrics in the air
Keepin' some up in the chamber

[Eminem]
Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin'?

[Skam]
Man, I'm releasin anger!

[Eminem]
I'm tryin' to be the illest of the day
Three six five a year
See that bullshit you sayin', Shady ain't tryin' to hear
Spittin' lyrics in your ear
Keepin' some up in the chamber

[Skam]
Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin'?

[Shady]
I'm releasin' anger!

[Skam]
Man I'm tired of bein' tired, everytime I wake up
Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein' late for the bus
Tired of all be blendin', and endin' up datin sluts
So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up!
To the pity ass rappers, that ain't
Shit with out make-up, wake up
Gold diggin' bitches, the buck stops here
The road to riches is closed for repair
So if the shoe ain't fittin, girl leave that shit alone
You ain't Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone?
I rip your tissue out your ear
Spittin' like I don't care
My hair look like I ain't comb it, shit a damn near year
So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up
Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump
When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit
Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit
Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down
They need to slow down, and take a look who the ho now
At every industry party, gettin' so damn drunk
Can't remember the last ass you kissed, or dick you sucked
Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck
Tryin' to roll up on Miami, leavin' with a broke neck
Oh shit, lethal lyric equal land mind
I be stackin' up white rappers like I'm throwin' gang signs
And I'm, buck wild exposin' the plain truth
You couldn't mess with me, fuckin' shit up in the same room
Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar
For this bad car, that go along with the breath
Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft
Cause in Miami, the baby jammin' like three up in the chamber
(Yo Skam what the fuck you doin?)

[Hook]

[Eminem]
Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit changed
I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
Became late to the last show with a different dame
Brain ate from the last "O" that I snifed off 'caine
You know you're spaced the fuck out like George Lucas
When your puke is turnin' to yellowish-orange mucus
So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English
Freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeamish
Burn you alive till you screamin' to be extinguished
Cause when I drop the science
Motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
Start a fire and block the hydrants
I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin'
You gettin' spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin'
On the B-side of my first single with the clean version
Stoppin' your short life while you're still a teen virgin
Unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon
In the best hospital possible for emergency surgery
To try to stop the blood from your ruptured sternum internally
I'll take it back before we knew each other's name
Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mother's frame
I'll take it further back than that
Back to Lovers' lane, to the night you were thought of, and
Cock-block your father's game
I'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled
So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle
And when I'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout
I'mma throw a head-butt so hard, I'll knock us both out

[Hook]
[Intro]
Aight, uh, Slim Shady!
Yo, yo, yo!

[Verse 1]
It's only fair to warn, I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord
Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a two by four board
That smashed into your Honda Accord with a 4-door Ford
But a more toward droppin' an acapella
The chopper fella, the mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller
Got you locked in the cellar with your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia while I'm standin' next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins, feeding you liquid darvocet
Pumping you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
It's a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!"
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your Adam's apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson
To set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crowbar to pry her apart wit
Motherfucker, Slim Shady bitch! Recognize!

[Verse 2]
Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said case closed end of discussion
I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombers
We blowin' up your house killing your parents
And coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I ain't making no more threats
I'm doing drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack
Today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath
Walk the block with a labrador
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore
Verbal cow manure
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure
Motherfucker!

[Verse 3]
(Like this, like that, like this
Like this, like that, like this)
I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
Patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Tarteenyer
And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood
As a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood
That I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed
But kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now

[Verse 4]
Yo, yo, yo!
My mom sent up to the store with a food stamp
For a pack of cigarettes and a book from the news stand (here)
Two dudes ran up and jumped out of a blue van
I looked down at the ground and picked up a huge branch
I swung it at the first dude the other dude with him
Seen it snap so fast it looked like it broke before it hit him
So he tried to rush I swept his legs pinned him and bit him
He came back with 6 or 7 dudes screaming "GET HIM!"
I took one lit him on fire pinned and bit him
The next faggot gave me shoes like they didn't fit him
One by one I just kept dropin' 'em in a rhythm
Then I woke up swingin' the middle of the kitchen

(Damn... damn... damn...)
[Shabaam Shadeeq:]
Of course - I rap till I'm hoarse, add the sauce
To them dry turkey MC's say what you like, I toss!
In theory when you hear me, like the guts of the Dutch
Snap caught you in the act like Vivitar - AF.
2-5-5 auto-focus clear vision
Precision mics for people of all types, call the cavalry.
My brutality!
Switch the pitch gradually.
Aqua!
Turntable knocka fresh like binocca.
Jot the thoughts in my chronicles remarkable styles
Shadeeq taxed it make an exit to spark mine.
Nuclear physics with cannibals and phat rhymes
They know the time like it's sundown. - At explow!

[Eminem:]
Went to bible class with a gun, blasted a nun
Fuck hell! - Satan sent my ass to the sun.
I wasn't born I was hatched - and dumped in the trash
With a note attached saying someone please whip this brat's ass.
I never gave a rat's ass or a flying fuck
Driving drunk in a fire truck with the siren stuck.
Slammin' the brakes, skiddin' out cause the tires suck
I went to pull you off my dick and got the pliers stuck.
You better run! Cause I'm probably the only one
Crazy enough to shoot your ass with a knife and stab you with a gun. (aaggggh!)
I like fire, you might see me start it
I'm slightly retarded! I miss my sanity since the night we departed.

[Skam:]
Yo! - Oldworlddisorder on some outnumbered shit
We rather go outta control then to be under it.
Yo! How you goin against us, when we got nothin to loose?
Must be confused - to pray to a god that don't excist.
That wouldn't save yo bible kissin' ass and even if he did
We like to twist the mist [? ] - genetic dead end - don't got friend!
Skam is chatter man, posin' children for depression
Stressin' nutty language - say my name is "Gladys"!
That's chupacabra! - Suck the life outta you
There won't be enough of your brain left to fill a tea spoon.
We two vanishin man. - That make the bad things plan
And prob'ly go platinum on the day that the world ends.

[Chorus x2]

[Kwest:]
When it comes to beef - I get relieved when I kill it brief.
Send you a reef, get your family ready for grief
I knock your teeth, they're conceit like a thief
Make a change of release - burn or leave before you go beneath.
Rappers I kill em down is where I send them villian
My plan is illin' so much. - I need some peniculine.
Cats is spillin' cause I'm down here
Kickin' shit that's solitaire you crown is rip cause rapper you sound counterfeit.
You get a round of clips - if you play hard
You stay scarred thinkin of graveyard you're in a caveyard.
One in the mill, son I'm I'll when it comes to skills
Wanna get killed and catch a dum dum in your grill.
Rappers demenishing is [? ]? I get to the finish
I'm speaking English, while your brothers is speaking in gibberish.
You touch a mic and, I'm out to burry your fingers
You want some fame? - I'll beat you up in front of Jerry Springer!
So pay the price say the nice when I pay the dice
I take your life slay it twice before your [? ] arrive

[A.L.:]
Cats who ride with feminine.
I'm singin this without, the benefit sin sinamen sin sin sin sinamen.
So submit it in your mental, since you find it essential
This [? ] simple sentences this sentence is simple! - You banned from using writing utinsels.
Wether cry line, crayon pen and pencil
Observe verse with syntax - that causes skin crack or an impact.
Send a rap shot with [? ] and then whack
Then back to the lab to add what most of them lack.
I can hand you a manual of what I plan to do to you more tantual
You still wouldn't understand the full concept and sniff
Trough your fingers like sandgranuals.
[? ] and a blue sea anually and you will see wich aninal me.
And fifty of us spittin up that written stuff
It's all the same! [? ] is the reason for cyphas prematurely spittin up.
Ironic, phonic sure my flow is far from enbionic
To be honest [? ] is a cronic antibiotic. - I'm beyond it!
The texure of my lecture is complex like a professor's,
Scep these [? ] exceptionall when I bless sound parsepticals.
Bust trenches trough my vest to be turns crews to vegetables
Then grab my testicals and cup 'em! Fuck 'em!
Verse 1:
You probably gonna think that I'm talking about you and you goddamn right I am
look at you, this is the minimal I could diss you
subliminally, but I think criminal instinct
has pushed me to the brink, my pussy does it stink
he still loves me cause he puts me in his ink
he does, doesn't he, still is, isn't he?
Nah, I'm just playing tug of war with his heart cause he misses me
I can still fuck him and leave him whenever I feel frisky
and is no risk of disease cause he ain't with anyone is he?
this bitch really thinks she can get me
if she still wants me, driving across country
strapped him to the front seat, missing all the front teeth
thinking to herself when's the next time he's gonna punch me?
I told this cunt she's gonna over-do it once
and once she does, she was stuffed up in a trunk
crunch, he scrunched her up in a ball
bunched up nice and comfy
fuck around get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me
you cunning little cunt, deceitful witch
you thought you had me, 'till my shrink told me this

Hook:
The problem is all inside your head she said to me
The answer is easy if you take it logically
I’d like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover

Verse 2:
I feel like a serial killer
I keep dumping bodies in the lake, I'ma get caught and send up the river
I shiver when I think of the company I keep
how do I know she ain't gonna kill me when I sleep
I shriek, every time she hands me something to drink
sex kept us together, when we slept together every-thing
was all better, she made me feel like a king
slowly, she began lowering my self-esteem
she go to the club and not answer the phone when I call her
and I just bought her a truck for 50,000 dollars
accused me of doing drugs and screaming "holla"
then I find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana
and all I know is every time I go
to them hiding spots, wherever she hides her blow
the little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke
that's growing smaller, and that was just a while ago
and I wouldn't even let on like I know
what was I supposed to do, call her out on it, we just argue
say she put it down on purpose and flipped the whole script
ooh she's a manipulative evil bitch
a cunning little cunt, little deceitful witch
she thought she had me, 'till my shrink told me this

Hook:
The problem is all inside your head she said to me
The answer is easy if you take it logically
I’d like to help you in your struggle to be free
There must be 50 ways to leave your lover
[Intro: Nashawn 'Ox' Breedlove (jako Lotto)]
Fuck this coward, dawg
Free World in the motherfuckin' house, what's goin' on, baby?
Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward right here once and for all
Sick of this motherfucker
Check this shit out
Huh
Huh, yo

[Wejście 1: Nashawn 'Ox' Breedlove (jako Lotto)]
I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me
The shit is a horror flick, but the black guy doesn't die in this movie
Fuckin' with Lotto? Dawg, you gotta be kiddin'
That makes me believe you really don't have an interest in livin'
You think these niggas gon' feel the shit you say?
I got a better chance joinin' the KKK
On some real shit, though, I like you
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to
Fuck "Lotto", call me your leader
I feel bad that I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver"
I used to like that show, now you got me in fight-back mode
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go
I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass
And all's well that ends okay
So I'll end this shit with a "Fuck you", but have a nice day!

[Wejście 2: Eminem (jako B-Rabbit)]
Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver
So was Eddie Haskell, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid
Quick, someone get his ass another steroid!
"Blah-badi-boo-blah, blah-blah-badi-bloo-blah!"
I ain't hear a word you said: "Hippity hoopla!"
Is that a tank-top or a new bra?
Look! Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boobjob
Didn't you listen to the last round, meathead?
Pay attention, you're sayin' the same shit that he said
Matter of fact, dawg, here's a pencil
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful
And don't come back until somethin' dope hits you
Fuck it, you can take the mic home with you
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you
Tank-top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!"
You see how far them white jokes get you
Boys like, "How Vanilla Ice gon' diss you?"
My motto: "Fuck Lotto!"
I'll get the seven digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow
[Eminem jako B-Rabbit]
Now, everybody from the 313
Put your motherfuckin' hands up and follow me!
Everybody from the 313
Put your motherfuckin' hands up! Look, look

Now, while he stands tough
Notice that this man did not have his hands up
This Free World's got you gassed up
Now, who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?
One, two, three, and to the four
One Pac, two Pac, three Pac, four
Four Pac, three Pac, two Pac, one
You're Pac, he's Pac, no Pac, none

This guy ain't no motherfuckin' MC
I know everything he's got to say against me
I am white, I am a fucking bum
I do live in a trailer with my mom
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob
Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun
I did get jumped by all six of you chumps
And Wink did fuck my girl
I'm still standin' here screaming, "Fuck the Free World!"
Don't ever try to judge me, dude
You don't know what the fuck I've been through
But I know something about you
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school
What's the matter, dawg? You embarrassed?
This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence
And Clarence lives at home with both parents
And Clarence' parents have a real good marriage
This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook
'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
He's scared to death, he's scared to look
At his fucking yearbook; fuck Cranbrook!

Fuck a beat, I'll go acappella
Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer
Fuck everybody! Fuck y'all if you doubt me!
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me

[Anthony Mackie jako Papa Doc]
Yo...
[Lickety Split]
This guy's a choke artist
Ya catch a bad one
Your better off shootin yourself
With Papa Doc's handgun
Climbin up this mountain your weak
I'll leave you lost without a paddle
Floatin shits creek
You ain't Detroit, Im the D
Your the new kid on the block
Bout to get smacked back to the boonedocks
Fuckin Nazi, this crowd ain't your type
Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice
And what I tell you, you better use it
This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music
Trailer trash, I'll choke you to your last breath
And have you lookin foolish 
Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself
Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that
Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his asscrack
And when you actin up thats when you got jacked up
And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up
I'll crack your shoulder blade
You'll get dropped so hard 
Elvis will start turnin in his grave
I don't know why they let you out in the dark
You need to take your white ass back across 8 mile
To the trailer park

[Rabbit]
This guy raps like his parents jerked him
He sounds like Eric Sermon, the generic version
This whole crowd looks suspicious
It's all dudes in here, except for these bitches
So I'm a German, eh
Thats ok, you look like a fuckin worm with braids
These Leaders of the Free World rookies
Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies
Talkin' bout shits creek
Bitch, you could be up piss creek 
With paddles this deep
Your still gonna sink
Your a disgrace
Yeah, they call me Rabbit
This is a turtle race
He can't get with me spittin this shit
Wickedly lickety shot
Suspicious spickety split lickety
So I'm gonna turn around with a great smile
And walk my white ass back across 8 mile!
Sometimes I just feel like, quittin I still might
Why do I put up this fight, why do I still write
Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin with real life
Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics
And show these people what my level of skill's like
But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life
Somethin ain't right, hit the brake lights
Case of the stage fright, drawin a blank like
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault
Great then I falls, my insides crawl
and I clam up (wham) I just slam shut
I just can't do it, my whole manhood's
just been stripped, I have just been vicked
So I must then get, off the bus then slip
Man fuck this shit yo, I'm goin the fuck home
World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road

[Chorus]
I'm a man, Gonna make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land
Time to really just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin
Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone
And go follow the footsteps I'm makin my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road

I'm walkin these train tracks, tryin to regain back
the spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap
To the same plant, and the same pants
Tryin to chase rap, gotta move ASAP
And get a new plan, momma's got a new man
Poor little baby sister, she don't understand
Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad
And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand
While she colors her big brother and mother and dad
Ain't no tellin what really goes on in her little head
Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had
But I keep runnin from somethin I never wanted so bad!
Sometimes I get upset, cause I ain't blew up yet
It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet
Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep
The pressure's too much man, I'm just tryin to do what's best
And I try, sit alone and I cry
Yo I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by
That I don't pray to the sky, please I'm beggin you God
Please don't let me be bitchin holdin no regular job
Yo I hope you can hear me homey wherever you are
Yo I'm tellin you dawg I'm bailin this trailer tomorrow
Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye
Say whenever you need me baby, I'm never too far
But yo I gotta get out there, the only way I know
And I'ma be back for you, the second that I blow
On everything I own, I'll make it on my own
Off to work I go, back to this 8 Mile Road

[Chorus]
I'm a man, Gonna make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land
Time to really just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin
Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone
And go follow the footsteps I'm makin my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road

You gotta live it to feel it, you didn't you wouldn't get it
Or see what the big deal is, why it wasn't the skillest
To be walkin this borderline of Detroit city limits
It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate
of authenticity, you'd never even see
But it's everything to me, it's my credibility
You never seen heard smelled or met a real MC
who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me
But yet I'm still unsigned, havin a rough time
Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes
Go to work and serve MC's in the lunchline
But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go
Who must I show, to bust my flow
Where must I go, who must I know
Or am I just another crab in the bucket
Cause I ain't havin no luck with this little Rabbit so fuck it
Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin to doubt shit
I'm feelin a little skeptical who I hang out with
I look like a bum, yo my clothes ain't about shit
if the Salvation Army tryin to salvage an outfit
And it's cold, tryin to travel this road
Plus I feel like I'm on stuck in this battlin mode
My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want
is pity from no one, the city is no fun
There is no sun, and it's so dark
Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein pulled apart
I'm torn in my limbs, by each one of my friends
It's enough to make me just wanna jump out of my skin
Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not
what I'm doin I just blow, my head is a stove top
I just explode, the kettle gets so hot
Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got
But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn
Yo it only takes one time for me to get burned
Ain't no fallin no next time I meet a new girl
I can no longer play stupid or be immature
I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage
Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words
Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge
Suddenly a new burst of energy is occured
Time to show these free world leaders the three and a third
I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird
Then I turn and cross over the median curb
Hit the verbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road

[Chorus]
I'm a man, Gonna make a new plan
Time for me to just stand up, and travel new land
Time to really just take matters into my own hands
Once I'm over these tracks man I'ma never look back
(8 Mile Road) And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin
Sorry momma I'm grown, I must travel alone
And go follow the footsteps I'm makin my own
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road
Eminem 
WHOOOOOOOOO!! HAHAHA 
Guess who's back! 
Mommy! We're home! 
Say hello to my little friends! 
DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill! 
Everybody, Put your hands where my eyes can see em! 

(Eminem) 
Everywhere we go people know we roll deep as fuck 
40 50 Samoans aint no one wanna deal with us 
50 Twizzy Obie there won’t be no hoe in us 
They pop shit like they gonna do shit but no one does 
When we move down to Texas back up to Los Angeles 
We change the way we move so man up if you can’t adjust 
You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us 
Its funny I guess money does have its advantages 
And it isn’t that we just think that we can’t be touched 
Its not like we’re just feelin ourselves that much it’s just 
That if someone ever does put us in the clutch 
We just know that ya’ll aint gonna be the one who’s gonna do it 
Cuz first of all you’re pushy and everybody can see that 
You fuck around get caught in a spot that you shouldn’t be at 
That you got no business being in and we aint even gonna be in it 
No one’s gonna hear nothin no one’s gonna see the shit 
And they’ll be in and up out it them boys is bout it bout it 
And the noise from clips n rounds will be drownded out by the crowd 
And you’ll be layin on the ground getting trampled by people dancing 
Till the club closes and clears out and that’s when they see you flattened 
Nobody saw it happen, all cuz the jaws are flappin 
And you couldn’t stop yappin and took it passed rappin 
It aint about the music no more, its about tryin to show off 
And it feels like any minute the bomb is about to go off 

Chorus: (Eminem) 
Shit’s about to change cuz we aint playin no games 
We aint budgin neither are they and we aint sayin no names 
Shit just aint the same when the cage get to sprayin 
Hip Hop is in a state of 9-1-1 
It aint about hip hop cuz those days are gone 
It aint about tryin to rip shop to get props no more 
Its about tryin not to get popped and get dropped to the floor cuz 
Hip Hop is in a state of 9-1-1 

(Be Real) 
I took the strap off my holster cuz shit is getting serious 
All these drugs you be fuckin with make you delirious 
Thinkin you comin with heat yo son I’m curious 
How long are you gonna hate us and judge us and jury us 
Some people can never fade us they make us so curious 
Mistake us for fakers homey with raider with glorious 
We live it for real and others just makin the stories up 
Illusions so broken so live it up you corny fucks 
If you take a fuckin minute to think about what you done 
When you stood against a gangta who live and die by the gun 
Caught a hot one sprayin you bitches till there was none 
I’m like a rollin stone homey I got you under my thumb 
You silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches 
We cut you and give you stitches for envyin all our riches 
Your game’s just like a midget you clockin the small digit 
Dealin with a giant goliath people that’s how we live it come on 

Chorus 

(The Godfather) 
I’m gangsta gangsta who come to pay you a visit 
On this shit that you call hip hop disfunction is where its headed 
When I put it in motion my focus is getting breaded 
My appetite for destruction is blasted because I say we got you 
Stumblin for cover this music dyin in number 
But you wouldn’t pause and wonder admittin its all glamour when you 
Enter the business you thinking you runnin shit 
You witness that funny shit you bitches that aint shit 
We gangsta we blast first ask questions later all these 
Imitators paradin like they some playas tryin to 
Save hip hop the task is something greater 
Cuz we old fashion coded we loyalty motivators 
Getting caught and not telling or more like killin not carin I’m ridin 
A gangsta feelin no ferin when gangtas dyin I’m in a 
Food circle with homeys that’s suppose to bleed 
On a 8 mile mission with Cypress and OG’s
Woo-hoo!
Guess who's back?!
Mommy, we're home!
Say hello to my little friends
DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill
Everybody, put your hands where my eyes can see!

Yo
Everywhere we go people know we roll deep as fuck
Forty, fifty Samoans, they knowin' when D-Bo was
50, Tweezy, Obie, there won't be no ho in us
They pop shit like they gonna do shit but no one does
From New York down to Texas, back up to Los Angeles
We changed the way we move, so man up if you can't adjust
You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us (Ha)
It's funny, I guess money does have its advantages
And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched
It's not like we're just feeling ourselves that much, it's just
That if someone ever does put us in the clutch
We just know that y'all ain't gon' be the one who's gon' do it
'Cause first of all you're pussy and everybody can see that
You fuck around, get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at
That you got no business being in, we ain't even gon' be in it
No one's gonna hear nothing, no one's gonna see this shit
And they'll be in and up out of it, them boys is 'bout it, 'bout it
The noise from clips and rounds be drowned out by the crowd
And you'll be laying on the ground getting trampled by people dancing
'Til the club closes, and clears out, and that's when they see you flattened
Nobody saw it happen, all 'cause your jaws are flapping
And you couldn't stop yapping and took it past rapping
It ain't about the music no more, it's 'bout trying to show off
And it feels like any minute the bomb is about to go off

Shit's about to change, 'cause we ain't playin' no games
We ain't budgin', neither are they, we ain't sayin' no names
Shit just ain't the same when AK's get to sprayin'
"Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1"
It ain't about hip-hop, 'cause those days are gone
It ain't about tryna rip shots to get props no more
It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor
'Cause "Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1"

Took my strap off my holster, 'cause shit is getting serious
All theses drugs you be fucking with make you delirious
Thinking you coming with heat, yo son, I'm curious
How long are you gonna hate us and judge us and jury us?
Some people can never fade us, that make us so furious
Mistake us for fakers, homie we greater and glorious
We living for real and others just making the stories up
Illusions are broken, so live it up, you corny fucks
If you take a fucking minute to think about what you done
When you stood against the gangster who live and die by the gun
Caught a hot one, sprayin' you bitches 'til there was none
I'm like a rolling stone homie, I got you under my thumb
You silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches
We cut you and give you stitches for envyin' all our riches
The game's just like a midget, you clockin' a small digit
Dealing with the Giant Goliath, people that's how we live it, c'mon

Shit's about to change, 'cause we ain't playin' no games
We ain't budgin', neither are they, we ain't sayin' no names
Shit just ain't the same when AK's get to sprayin'
"Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1"
It ain't about hip-hop, 'cause those days are gone
It ain't about tryna rip shots to get props no more
It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor
'Cause "Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1"

Uh, Ganxsta, Ganxsta who come to pay you a visit
On the shit you call hip-hop, this function is where did it
When I put it in motion, my focus is getting branded
My appetite for destruction is blasted because I said it
Got you stumbling for cover, this music dying in numbers
But you wouldn't pause and wonder, admitting it's all glamour
When you enter the business you thinking you running shit
You witness that funny shit, your bitches they ain't shit!
We gangstas we blast first, ask questions later
All these imitators parading like they some players
Tryna save hip-hop the task is something greater
'Cause we old fashioned coded with loyalty motivators
Get caught, I'm not telling, or more like killing not caring
I'm riding a gangsta feeling, no fearing when gangstas dying
I'm in a full circle with homies that's s'posed to bleed
On an 8 Mile mission with Cypress and O.G.'s

Shit's about to change, 'cause we ain't playin' no games
We ain't budgin', neither are they, we ain't sayin' no names
Shit just ain't the same when AK's get to sprayin'
"Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1"
It ain't about hip-hop, 'cause those days are gone
It ain't about tryna rip shots to get props no more
It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor
'Cause "Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1"
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert,
But I'm holding you closer than most'cause you are my heaven.

[Kanye West]
How you listen to a girl that still wanna man
Tell me the truth is that a man or Juwanna Mann
I'm wonderin' why she "ret to go" like Wanda then
When we met you was a V like Madonna, man
Now you in the field runnin' plays like Donovan
McNabb before you get in a cab
I'll trade in my cab
Just to take you back to last summer, man
You don't remember when you was my sweetest
You don't remember when I called you Reese's Pieces
Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what
She turned around and giggle said; "You so nuts!"
But nowadays we actin' way too grown up
Like how ya ex girl get the new numba
The rumors was so numerous
For stickin' by me, I had to give you two thumbs up
And that's why

A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.

[Eminem]
So young, so full of life and vibrant,
Side by side wherever you was ridin', I went,
So close almost was some Bonnie and Clyde shit,
When Ronnie died you was right by my side,
With a shoulder to cry on and a tissue to wipe my eyes,
And a bucket to catch every tear I cried inside it,
You even had the same type of childhood I did,
Sometimes I just wanna know why,
Is it that you surcame to yours,
And mine I survived it,
You ran the streets I nine to fived it,
We grew up, grew apart as time went by us,
Then I blew up to both yours and mine surprises,
Now I feel the vibe I just cant describe it,
Much as your pride tries to hide it,
You're cold your touch, its like ice,
And your eyes is the look of resentment,
I can sense it and I don't like it

A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.

[Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, stuck alone in this wave race
Say I'm living too fast, don't plan on changing my pace
Got one foot on the gas, it's never a need for brakes
Smoke ez-rider's with hash, fuck bitches from out of state
Valet bringing my cars, waiter bringing me plates
Shrimp and fillet Mignon, we celebrate buying drinks
Wit a couple of broads my nigga's who got love for me
It's lonely at the top, I'm tired of having company
Uh, so while you busy trying to fit in, I'm a stand out
And view my life through this lens to see how it pan's out
Substitute teacher ass nigga's, need a handout
Middle finger screaming fuck them nigga's who hated,
I'm money affiliated
Pop another bottle, that chronic smokin degraded
Speculating me landing must of got me mistaken,
I'm speaking as the captain of the planes,
You's a runner on the jet way

A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
It's like a drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.
[Spoken]
How do you do? Ladies and gentlemen
My name is Alfred Hitchcock and this is Music To Be Murdered By
It is mood music in a jugular vein
So why don't you relax? Lean back and enjoy yourself
Until the coroner comes
[Interlude]
This concludes our danse macabre
Portions of the proceeding were recorded
As for the rest of it, I'm very much afraid it was all in your mind
I don't intend to indulge in any post-mortem
If you haven't been murdered, I can only say
Better luck next time
If you have been, goodnight wherever you are
[Verse 1]
Before I check the mic (Check, check, one, two)
I give it a extra swipe with a Lysol disinfectant wipe (Good evening)
Coronavirus in effect tonight
Antiseptics on deck, I got every type (Yeah)
I throw on my tux, then I (Yeah) give zero fucks, then I (Yeah)
Act like a jockstrap (Uh), cup my nuts, then I (Yeah)
Check my ball hair (What?), make sure it's all there (Yeah)
Then call the pallbearer (Yeah)
It's Music to Bе Murdered By again, why stop?
Overkill likе a pipe bomb in your pine box
You're all hitched to my cock (What?)
Went from punchin' a time clock to getting my shot
Then treated it like a cyclops
Like it's the only one I (Only one eye) got
And my thoughts are like nines cocked (Chk-chk)
Every line's obscene, pervertedest mind, got the dirtiest rhyme stocked
That's why there's parental advising (Visine) every time I drop (Eye drop)
So throw on the theme to Alfred, I'll channel him like the Panama Canal
But how could I get up in arms about you saying trash is all that I put out?
Bitch, I still get the bag when I'm putting garbage out
Plus, the potty mouth, I'm not about to wash it out
The filthiest, so all this talk about I'm washed up, how preposterous
Because if cleanliness is next to godliness
It's obvious that it's impossible for me to be beside myself
And I'm 'bout that capital like a proper noun
Still on top the pile
Got me sitting on numbers like a pocket dial
Quick to call you out on your bullshit
Don't make me give that crock a dial
'Cause if I do it, see you later, alligator
Made it out the trailer, then I made a vow to cater to no one
So hate, I've gained about the same amount that's in my bank account
So here's some more shit for you to complain about, I say the
Bars that never slack (Yeah), but always get attacked (Yeah)
I think they're gunnin' for me, it's startin' to feel like that
Like I'm marked, 'cause when I rap, it's like fallin' on my back in a tar pit
'Cause I have this target on my back (Ew, yuck)
But if I ever double-crossed my fans and lost my Stans
I'd probably pop five Xans (Yeah)
Go in my garage, start my van
Inhale as much carbon monoxide and exhaust I can
And doze off like *snores*
But odds like that, with these thoughts I have's like a giant getting squashed by ants
If this is the test of time, I'd pass with flying colors
Like I just tossed my crayons (Tossed my crayons)
Small, medium, and large size cans
Sanitizers of all types, brands, cost nine bands
Which is a small price for Lysol wipes and
If my palms brush across my pants, I wash my hands

[Interlude]
Shit, hold on, man
Motherfucker
Happy birthday to—
Fuck (Shh, quiet)

[Verse 2]
I sit in silence in candlelit environments
Sipping Wild Irish while getting violent
Homicidal visions when I'm spitting like this
But really I'm just fulfilling my wish of killing rhymes
Which is really childish and silly, but I'm really like this
I'm giving nightmares to Billie Eilish, I'm Diddy's side bitch

[Interlude]
What the fuck? Hold on, wait
"I'm Diddy's side bitch?"
Oh, I'm still east side, bitch

[Verse 3]
So 'til the E-N-D, since EPMD
Been givin' y'all the business (Yeah), D-R-E and me (Yup)
From the MMLP to (Huh?) MTBMB (Bitch)
Bitch, it's 2020, you still ain't seein' me (Haha)
So call me Santa Claus (Santa Claus)
'Cause at the present (Yeah), I out-rap 'em all (Wrap 'em all), I'm at the mall
Got your bitch in a bathroom stall, she could suck a basketball (Uh)
Through a plastic straw (Yeah) with a fractured jaw (Damn)
My dick is coat check (Ha), she wanna jack it off (Yeah)
I'm so far past the bar, I should practice law
Mentally, I'm fucked up generally (General Lee) (Duh)
Dukes of Hazzard car (Yeah), get the cadaver dogs
'Cause this is murder, murder and you'll get murked, murked
This music 'bout to kill you, brr, brr (Brr)
This chicken hit my phone, she said, "Chirp, chirp"
I said, "Hut, hut, hike your skirt, skirt"
Then go eat some worms, like the early bird
What the fuck is love? That's a dirty word
Make me fall in it, there's not a girl on Earth
Or any other planet, that's a world of hurt
And I won't buy her designer, 'cause I don't pander (Panda)
But I'm back with so many knots, I need a chiropractor (Damn)
And this the final chapter (Why?), 'cause I'm either frying after (Oh)
Or they gon' give me the needle (What?) like a vinyl scratcher (DJ)
Yeah, I'm a card, like Hallmark
At Walmart with a small cart buying wall art
And y'all who claim to be dogs aren't
No bite, like a tree, mostly just all bark, arf, arf
But y'all pickin' the wrong tree, they call me dog because I'm barking (Bar king, bark, bark, barking)
And I got a lot, yeah, like where cars park
I'd describe it as bowling (Why?) ball hard (Ball's hard)
'Cause the gutter's where my mind is and when
It's in this frame, better split like the five and the ten
'Cause without a second to spare, I'm strikin' again
And when the beat is up my alley, I go right for the pens (Pins)
The cypher begins
I'm talkin' smack like heroin, the mic's a syringe
It's like a binge, Vicodin, I would liken to tin
My mind is a recycling bin
There's no place I never been
But I never budge and I never bend
You hyperextend on me, this game's life, it depends
Like adult diapers for men
Even when I'm rappin' less stellar
It's sour grapes, I still whine, I'm the best seller (Cellar)
Like a trey deuce, spray you as these shots penetrate through Dre's booth
And go straight through your grapefruit, no escape route
So you won't leave here just scathed with a few scrape wounds
Your ass is grass and I am not gonna graze you
But if bars were semi-mac's, I'd be the Mad Hatter
'Cause I got so many caps, and you don't have any straps (Nah)
So you'd be a fitted (Yeah), so don't act like you fittin' to snap
Bitch, I'll pee (P) on your head like a Phillies hat (Haha)
No stoppin' me, you're on a window shopping spree
Bitch, you probably go broke at the Dollar Tree
You never buy shit, all you ever cop's a plea
You're always punkin' out like Halloween
You rather opt to flee, you need to stop it, punk
Homie, you're not a G, act like you got the pump
And you're gonna cock the heat or get the Glock and dump
Bitch, if you shot a tree, you wouldn't pop the trunk
Yeah, and I'm buddies with Alfred, we about to
Disembowel them, gut 'em and scalp 'em, yeah
This is 'bout to be the bloodiest outcome
'Cause we gon' make you bleed with every cut from this album
So I'm choppin' 'em up like Dahmer
The nut job with the nuts that are bigger than Jabba the Hutt
I'm in the cut, and I'm out for the blood
It's lookin' like it's that time of the month
Carvin' 'em up with the bars while I sharpen 'em up, dog and a mutt
I'm gonna fuck your mom in the butt with a thermometer, fuckin' phenomenal, but
Y'all will get cut the fuck up like abdominals if you don't vámonos
I keep droppin' like dominos, the formidable, abominable
Stompin' a mudhole in my comp even if it's off the top of the dome
Son 'em, get the Coppertone, I'm at the Stop and Go coppin' the Mop and Glo
Got your stomach in knots like you swallowed rope
You out of pocket though, like a motherfuckin' wallet stole

[Outro]
Wait, why'd the beat cut off?
Fuck it

~
Alive of the eath exist,What you gon' do with all that junk?
All that junk inside your trunk?
I'ma get, get, get, get, you drunk,
Get you love drunk off my hump.
My hump, my hump, my hump, my hump, my hump,
My hump, my hump, my hump, my lovely little lumps. (Check it out)

I drive these scrubbers crazy,
I do it on the daily,
They treat me really nicely,
They buy me all these ice-ys.
Dolce & Gabbana,
Fendi and then Donna
Karan, they be sharin'
All their money got me wearin'
Fly gearrr but I ain't askin,
They say they love my ass 'n,
Seven Jeans, True Religion,
I say no, but they keep givin'
So I keep on takin'
And no I ain't fakin'
We can keep on datin'
I keep on demonstrating.

My love, my love, my love, my love
You love my lady lumps,
My hump, my hump, my hump,
My humps they got u,
She's got me spending.
Hah, hah
Then why you doin' this?
Cause you own me
How? 'Cause I gave you everything
What?
You what did you do? You walked away for me
Yeah, you fucking blind to see I was good for you
I made you, you will nothing to you found me
How many times you tryna kill me?
I always come back
You cannot grow me, you cannot think me
I'm all you got
(Intro)

Yeah, can't stop now...
This maybe the last chance I get, to be famous

(Hook)

You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenceless
There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes

(Eminem)

I just wanna be famous

But

(Hook)

Be careful what you wish for!

(Verse 1)
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go berserker than a fed-up post-office worker
A merk her with a Mossberg 
I'm pissed off get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter 
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you shoulda shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
I faced her around
But his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I come back 
Like nut on your spine
I'm a thumb tack
That you slept on son
Now here I come screaming attack like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem till he showed 'em
Defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit
His britches, he out grow'd em
He's so out cold he's knocked out of the South Pole
And nobody fucks with him
Rigamortis and post-mortem
He's dying of boredom
Take your best rhymes, record 'em
Then try to flaunt 'em
He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
Shit stained drawers
You gon fuck with a guy who licks the blades of his chainsaws
While he dips 'em in P.F. Chang's sauce
Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls
You think I'm backing down you must be out of your dang skulls
I'm almost famous

(Hook)

You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenceless
There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes

(Eminem)

I just wanna be famous

But

(Hook)

Be careful what you wish for!

(Verse 2)
I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand, 
Someone distorted my mint
Read some I wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pull at it all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Meyers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whack before I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
Dick's too short word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick
You call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer
I displaced my clause with enough plaster
To make a cast beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer
You're the Eminem backwards, you're mini-me
See he's in a whole nother weight class
He smokes your BB's you beat back bullets
You're full of it; you were just in his CD's
Left at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E
He's almost famous


(Hook)

You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenceless
There is too much to lose, You cannot fill these shoes

(Eminem)

I just wanna be famous

But

(Hook)

Be careful what you wish for!

(Verse 3) 
Now there he goes in Dre's studio cuppin his balls
Screaming the wood off the panel
And cussing the paint off the walls
Spewing his hate to these haters, showing no love for these brauds
He ain't given them shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard
He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark
With the scars, till Abraham Lincoln is screaming out AHH
These metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all
If they don't like it, they can all get fucked instead of sucking him off
They can go get a belt or a neck tie, to hang themselves by
Like David Carradine they can go fuck themselves and just die
And eat shit while they at it
He's fucking had it, he's mad at the whole world
So go to hell and build a snowman girl
The bullies become bullied, the pussies get pushed
Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me
Cus I ain't looking back, only forward, this whole spot blowing
Who coulda known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it
And while I'm being poetic let me get a stoic and raise the bar
Higher than my opinion of these winners and lords
So bare witness to some biblical shit
As a cold wind blowing this world ain't gonna know what hit it
He did it, he made it, he's finally famous
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go bezerker than a fed-up post-office worker
A merk her with a Mossberg
I'm pissed off get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter
Squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster you shoulda shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving
Like a terrible towel
I faced her around
But his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out
That's what I call blowing your mind
When I come back
Like nut on your spine
I'm a thumb tack
That you slept on son
Now here I come screaming attack like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem till he showed 'em
Defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit
His bridges, he out grow'd em

[Taylor]
Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Something's gone terribly wrong
You're all I wanted

Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Can't breath whenever you gone
Can't turn back now, I'm haunted

I'm back for revenge
I lost a battle that ain't happening again
I'm at your throat like strep
I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand,
Someone distorted my mint
Read some I wrote on a napkin
I do what I have to to win
Pull at it all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Meyers
And tell that psycho to pass the torch
To the whack before I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
Dick's too short a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentariani sm, you prick
You call me the champ; call me the space shuttle destroyer
I just blew up the challenger, matter fact I need a lawyer
I displaced my clause with enough plaster
To make a cast beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like burn choyder
You're the Eminem backwards, you're mini-me
See he's in a whole nother weight class
He smokes your BB's you beat back bullets
You're full of it; you were just in his CD's
Left at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D. R. E

I'm haunted I'm dead your gone

Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Something's gone terribly wrong
Won't finish what you started

Come on, come on don't leave me like this
I thought I had you figured out
Can't breath whenever you gone
Can't go back, I'm haunted

Oooooh

You and I walk a fragile line
I have known it all this time
Never ever thought I'd see it break.
Never thought I'd see it
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da
(kill kill kill)
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum.. dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm..
(kill kill kill)

[Chorus: Eminem]

Mentally illll from Amityvilllle (ILLLL)
Accidentally killll your family stillll
Thinkin he won't? God-damnit he willll (HE'SSSS)
Mentally illll from Amityvilllle 
[{HE'SSSS} - on repeats only]

[Eminem]
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick {*SMACK*}
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers {*whoosh*}
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches {*smack*}
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this

[Chorus 2X]

[Bizarre]
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
{*AHHHHHHHH!*} Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
{*Mmm mm mmm!*} And bitches know me as a horny ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep
Pissy-drunk, throwin up in the urinal (YOU FUCKIN HOMO!)
That's what I said at my dad's funeral

[Chorus 2X]

[Eminem]
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin idiots still (still)
That's why the first motherfucker poppin some shit he gets killed (killed)
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)
You can get capped after just havin a cavity filled (filled)
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)
We don't do drivebys, we park in front of houses and shoot
and when the police come we fuckin shoot it out with them too!
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here?? (huh?)
While I'm holdin a pistol with this many calibres here?? (here??)
Got some registration and just made this shit valid this year? (year?)
Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my acts
and that's when accidents happen,
when a thousand bullets come at your house
and collapse the foundation around and they found you
and your family in it (AHHHHH!) 
GOT DAMNIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU

[Chorus 2X]

Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum.. ta-dah-da
Dum..
Alright lets go
Yeah welcome to the official Shade 45 Anger Management 3 Exclusive Mixtape
Brought to you by none other than the motherfuckin' notorious infamous
DJ Clinton Sparks

Once again its the kid yeah eat a dick up
Pick up
The nuts boy lick up
'Till you hiccup
Sick motherfucker yeah
Sick mug
Its a stick up
His middle finger
Chica
Chica
Hi my name is
Chica
Chica
Chica
Chica
Chica
Chica
Chica
Chica
'Till this shit was stuck in your head so much you were sick of
My chicks love
And so we did the shit more
Choke a slut smack a bitch more
Beat a bitch up
Look at these kids they eat this shit up
And this was
Back before I even knew what this shit was
Its affecting what it does
Parents become mad at us
Meanwhile ticket sales have just sky-rocketed up
So shit fuck
Shit fuck
Shit fuck fuck
You suck a dick slut
But I gotta go its time for me to go and pick up
Jessica
Its official I just broke her and Nick up

[Talking: Eminem]
Now if you leave this show and you don't got one of these CDs
Then you did not officially experience the entire show
Once again 50 Cent, G Unit, Nate Dogg, Alchemist
And a special thanks to Lil' Jon
Can't forget Dr. Dre
D-Twizzy, O. Trice, Stat Quo
And on behalf of myself
I wanna thank ya'll for comin' out
Hope you enjoyed the show
Ay Em you know my favorite white boy right...
I.. I owe you for this one 

Eminem:
They think they crazy But they ain't crazy lets face it
Shit basically they just playin sick 
They ain't shit they ain't sayin shit 
Spray umh 50 (gun shots) A to K get in the way 
I bring Dre and them wit me 
And turn this day into fuckin mayhem 
You stayin wit me Don't let me lose you I'm not tryin to confuse you 
When I let lose wit this oozee And just shoot through you Izuzu 
You get the message Am I gettin through to you 
You know it's comin You motherfuckers dont even kno do you 
Take some BIG and some PAC And you mix them up in a pot 
Sprinkle a little bit Yellow Top What the fuck do you got? 
You got the realest and illest killers Tied up in a knot 
The Jebanauds of this rap shit Like it or not it's like a fight to the top To see who die for the spot You put your life in this 
Nothin like survivng a shot Y'all know what time it is 
Soon as 50 signs on this dot Shit what you know about death threats 
Cause I get alot Shady Records was 80 seconds Away from the towers 
Them cowards fucked with the wrong building 
They meant to hit ours 
Better evacuate all children 
Their Nuclear showers theres nothin spookier 
Your now about to witness the power 
Fuck umh!

50 cent:
The Lords blessing left me lyrically incline (uh huh)
Shit I aint even got to try to shine God's a seamstress who tailorfitted my pain I got scribtures in my brain (ay It's 50)
You see a nigga laid out Wit his fuckin top blown off
(It's 50, Man that was'nt 50) They don't holla my name
You should'nt throw stones If you live in a glass house
And if you got a glass jaw You should watch your mouth
Cause I'll break your face
Have you ass runnin Mumbling to the check 
Your going against me dogg You makin a mistake I split yo lip You lookin like them Michael Jack-Son Jackets Wit all them zippers I'm the boss on this boat 
You can call me Skipper The way I turn the money over 
You should call me Flipper 
Your Bitch a regular Bitch
Your callin her Wifey I fucked her feed her fast food
You keepin' her Icee I'm down to sell records
But not my soul Snoop said this in '94
"We don't love them ho's" I got pennies for my dogs 
Now I'm rich See the 20's spinnin' Lookin mean on the 6
Nigga's wearin flags Cause the colors match they clothes
The get caught in the wrong hood 

Lil Wayne: 
God Damn
Nix gonna hit a nigga in his head with this one I'm a paint the city red with this one I'm ahead with this one
See you fucking with the boy with two toys way before Christmas 
No assistance just that persistance with
that commitment if I don't get it somebody gonna die tonight I know my vibe is tight and I deserve the throne and if the kid ain't right then let me die on this song
See I be riding just riding alone With my daddy on my mind like you gotta be kidding 
How the hell you ain't here to see a prince do his thing somtimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king 
Shall be So I be who I be That's me
That's Weezy F Baby and Please say the motherfucking
So I be who I be that's me That's Weezy F Baby and
Please say the motherfucking 

(Hook) 
Baby you gotta know
I'm just out here doing what I gotta do for me and you
and we eating so bitch why the fuck is you trippin'
I'm taking these chances My head to the sky
My feet on the ground My fingers to the judge if the money don't move Then I won't budge won't budge
No I won't budge no 
Lord Money is the motivation
Facing the avenue
Back touching the wall
Got the weed got the gun
Gotta run when I hear the bird call (Dad)Hop in that thing and merk off Swerve off
You know me they call me birdman junior 
Anybody murderer if Birdman sponsor it Phantom of the Oprah
All black crop tent locked in I can let them shots out
you can't get no shots in 
Bulletproof Leave a nigga with a bullet-roof 
Shoot ya' in your mouth Leroy
They call him bullet-tooth I'm like What it do What it do
There's a full court pressure I'm just going for the two
If I'm open for the three I'm a take it in a second
Even if theres one second I'm a make it it's nothing
I don't take it for granted I don't take it for nothing
I'm a take it for what it's worth to the dirt motherfucker
Yeah
[Part I]

[Intro: Eminem]
Marshall, he's the antichrist
He will slice and—
The devil came to Michigan (Oh, shit)
Fuck
Fuckin' PC police
Fuck

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Gen Z, here they come now (Now)
'Bout to unload rounds (Brrt)
Pronouns (Shit)
Got me like, "Woah now" (Woah)
Homie, let's slow down (Chill)
No need to get so wound (Man)
Ready to throw down (Yo)
If I mispronounce (Thee, them)
Woops (Sorry), oh, wow
Got heterosexuals crammin' 'em down our throats now (He, she, they, them)
Like I'm gettin' snow-plowed
My humor's too low-brow (Yup)
Yeah, so there's no doubt (Nope)
You 'bout to get grossed out (Ugh)
But fuck it though, somebody needs to come and hit the reset button
Back to 2003 'cause how did we get stuck in
This woke BS? I'm tryna make it regress, fuck 'em
And I don't regret nothin'
That's 'bout to be said, so fuck it, we can keep headbuttin'
Still a grade-A prick, bet the same way (But)
Cobain put the gauge to his brain, I'm goin' out with a bang, ayy (Yeah)
Dang, Dre
Look at what you made me do, maybe you the one they should blame, they
Say they wish that I wasn't so angry (Yeah)
Don't wanna see me goin' off the deep end like Ye, ayy (No, nah)
Rather see me do like Kim Kardashian, they say (Yeah yeah)
And find a way to get rid of all of this rage, ayy (Haha)
But if you wonder why is Marsh considered the harshest spitter (Why?)
'Cause I can spit a bar like it's a
Cross between Nas and GZA, Biggie Smalls, and RZA
So hard, Megan Thee Stallion and Nicki Minaj'll scissor (Cut it out)
You're still the press's wet dream (Yeah)
Too many head shrinks (Oh)
My head thinks foul, I've said things when jesting
They should arrest me for my testis (Ah)
The biggest in the South, West, East, North and catch be (Ah)
Havin' ['em swept clean?][1:23] with extreme links
And steps been took to suppress things (Why?)
Try not to get seen with Ben Affleck, me, and Seth Green hangin' on to the left wing
Of Jeffrey Epstein's jet screamin', "Hey, don't forget me" (Haha)
Shady as Bill, takin' the pill and putting it in your soft drink (Ah)
Something's off and I don't know what the cause be (Yeah)
But it's obvi', this water I'm in is scalding
Ominous thoughts creep in my head and it's not me
They brainwashed me (Marshall, Marshall)
And that's all she wrote, yeah, that's why they call me

Chorus: Eminem]
Marshall, he's the antichrist
He will slice and dice
Men, women, and children (One more time, come on)
His name is Marshall, he's the antichrist
He will slice and dice
Foreskin, women, and children (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Knock, knock (Who's there?), boo (Boo who?)
Hey, why you cryin', shorty? Ew, 'cause I boo'd you (Woah)
Well, bitch, I'm tryna get some head up in this Subaru
But you have no clue what you doin', do you?
You fall asleep or somethin'? Hello, yoo-hoo
Wake up, fake slut, I'm out of here, screw you
What, did you drop dead in my lap? You call that head?
I suck my dick better than you do, haha
Yeah, I'm sick like the terminally ill (What?)
But more like sick as in the term "mentally ill"
Antichrist, how come you can't be nice?
Like who's talkin', dog, like Brian from Family Guy(Huh)
But who else is as pitiless, actually witty and crass, hideous
Ghastly, and insidious as me, or spitting as nasty?
Next idiot ask me is getting his ass beat worse than Diddy did ****
But on the real, though (What?)
She prolly ran out the room with his fuckin' dildo (Come here)
He try to field goal punt her, she said to chill (No)
Now put it back in my ass and get the steel toe (Ew, ah, the fuck? Yeah)
Nightmares goin' Freddy on me
'Cause they steady haunt me (Yeah)
Shady's bad to the core, but look at the bread he got me (Bread)
Complete lack of remorse, so they've come at me before, but they won't ever stop me
But fuck the back and the forth until I'm dead and rotting
Head is prolly whacked and it's warped like Jack Kevork'
Performin' sexual acts with a corpse
If they don't like it like a necrophiliac in the morgue (What?), fuck everybody (Haha, yeah)
I don't appeal to you, you was one of them children whose (What?)
Parents fed every meal to you on a platter and silver spoon
I am a product of what Farina and powdered milk'll do (What?)
To your drive when them rappers like Jada bring out the Will in you (Woo)
'Cause now my shit slaps harder than Will'll do
Word to Gorilla Glue (Why?)
I don't need sticky fingers to steal on you (Nah)
Lyrical killer who punish you, every syllable sonnin' you
Your hides, I tanned 'em like bicycles built for two
Stickin' a clip in the Uz' that I've been itchin' to use, lookin' like Nikolas Cruz
My trigger's happy, it's ticklish, true, Travis Bickle 'em too, we gettin' rude
This shit'll go sideways like your tippin' a canoe, bitch, I'm sick as the flu
How the fuck are you gonna fit in my shoes? Look at my views, all the shit I've been through
So, sympathy, I don't have any for you, stickin' it to all you idiots who
Take my lyrics a little bit too literal, you can all suck on my dick and if you
Don't wanna get ripped, better get the fuck back, bitch, I'm here to do what Dre sent me to do (What?)
That's sinfully get to spitting this shit, devil in me and I do his bidding, his name is

[Chorus: Eminem]
Marshall, he's the antichrist
He will slice and dice
Sluts, whores, men, women, and children (One more time, what's my name?)
His name is Marshall, he's the antichrist
He will slice and dice
Skanks, sluts, whores, men, women, and children

[Bridge: Bizarre]
You wanna dance with the devil, dance with the devil, dance with the devil
You wanna dance with the devil, dance with the devil, dance with the devil
You wanna—

[Part II]

[Interlude: Bizarre]
(I ain't goin' nowhere)
It's about to get scary, Bizarre (I'm still here, ayy-ayy, ayy-ayy, ayy-ayy)
It's about to get dark

[Verse 3: Bizarre]
Guess who's back (Me), straight out the gutter (Me)
With a dirty rubber, plus my homeless mother (Fuck her)
Where's Bruce Jenner at? I wanna fuck that ho (Where she is?)
Where is Megan Thee Stallion at? I wanna suck that toe (Mwah)
Twenty years in, shit, I'm past addiction (Uh-huh)
I'm at CVS, tryna find my past prescription
My dad didn't listen, I passed the mission
Fuckin' a tranny on IG Live, that was a bad decision (Haha, that was fucked up)
My rent due, my girl need an abortion (What you gon' do? What?)
Sell them Eminem Jordans (I did, haha)
All gas, butt-naked, all ass
Tryna get on Hailie Jade's podcast (Why not?)
Hi!
Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face
Came in the place blowed, and sprayed Puffy with Mase
I laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly
Eminem starts with E, better check the spelling
with a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple
I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my adam's apple
Somebody dropped me on my head, and I was sure
that my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
and said, "I'm ready now bitch - ain't you feelin these kicks cunt?"
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell
I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell
I'm sick of these sperm cells with syphillis germs
and I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
and vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it
(Yuck!) Hit you in the head with a brick til you plummet
If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick til you numb it
And all that gibberish you was spittin, you need to kill it
Cause your style is like dyin in my sleep, I don't feel it

Chorus: Eminem

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- hello, hi!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- do you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy

[Eminem]
I'm ice grillin you, starin you down with a gremlin grin
I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym
I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias
to save me with in case I get chased by space aliens
A brainiac, with a cranium packed, full of more uranium
than a maniac Saudi Arabian
A highly combustible head, spazmatic
strapped to a Kraftmatic adjustable bed
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition
I flatlined; jumped up and ran from the mortician
High speed, IV full of thai weed
Lookin Chinese, with my knees stuck together like siamese
twins, joined at the groin like lesbians
Uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins
I hope God forgives me for my sins -- it probably all depends
on if I keep on killin my girlfriends

Chorus: Eminem

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin crazy -- listen!!
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
for twenty grand and a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
is fuckin crazy -- you hear me?
Is fuckin crazy

[Eminem]
Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust
and got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
(Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say
I call in to work, cause all I do is frolic and play
I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day
of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH)
Give me eleven Excederin my head'll spin
Medicine'll get me revvin like a 747 jet engine
Scratched my balls til I shredded skin
"Doctor, check this rash, look how red it's been"
"It's probably AIDS!" Forget it then
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
that don't even make sense, like dykes usin dildos
So reach in your billfolds, for ten ducats
and pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus
Somethin somethin somethin, somethin I get weeded
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it
Damn!
If I could rewind time like a tape
Inside a boombox
One day for every pill
Or percocet that I ate
Cut down on the valium
That'll hurt everything
But death is turning so definite, wait
They got me all hooked up to some machine
I love you, being
Didn't want you to know I was struggling
Feels like I'm underwater
Submerged like a submarine
Just heard that nurse say
My liver and kidneys aren't functioning
Been flirtatious with death
Skirt-chasing, I guess
It's arrivederci
Same nurse, just heard say
They're unplugging me
And it's your birthday
Jade, I'm missing your birthday
Baby girl, I'm sorry
I fucking hate when you hurt, hey
And sweeties, thank you for waiting
To open gifts
But, girls, you can just open 'em
Dad ain't making it home for Christmas
Wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss
I go to make a fist
But I can't make one, I'm frozen stiff
I yell, but nothing comes out
I'm crying inside, I shout
My vocal cords won't permit me
I scream, but it's not allowed
You put your arm around mama
The karma, wow
I just thought about the aisle
I'll never get to walk us down
Never see you
Graduate in your caps and gowns
It's 'bout to be 2008
How's this happening now?
I've got so much more to do
And, Proof, I'm truly sorry
If I let you down, but this tore me in two
The thought of no more me and you
You gave me shoes, Nikes like new
For me for school
Doody, I'm trying, but you
You were the glue that binded
So many things, time
I'd give anything to rewind it
I had to walk down my halls
And constantly be reminded
By pictures all on my walls
And I couldn't sleep at night 'cause
That image burned in my brain
Of you on the table
Me falling across your body
Not able to stand to save you
God, why did you take him?
I'm tryna keep his legacy alive
But I'm dying, where's Nathan?
Little ladies, be brave
Take care of your mother
Smile pretty for pictures
Always cherish each other
I'll always love ya
And I'll be in the back of your memory
And I know you'll never forget me
Just don't get sad when remembering
And, little bro, keep making me proud
You better marry that girl
'Cause she's faithfully down
And when you're exchanging those sacred vows
Just know that if I could be there, I would
And should you ever see parenthood
I know you'll be good at it
Oh, almost forgot to do something
Thank my father too
I actually learnt a lot from you
You taught me what not to do
And Mom, wish I'd have had the chance
To have one last heart-to-heart
Honest and open talk to you
Doody, I see you
I go to walk to you
And I can feel my soul leave my body
And float across the room
Nurses lean over the bed
Pulling tubes out
Then the sheet over my head
Shut the room down
Girls, please don't get upset
I see those cheeks soaking and wet
As you squeeze hold of my neck
So forcibly, don't wanna let
Me go, pillow drenched
Emotional wrecks
With every second
Each closer to death
But suddenly, I feel my heart
Begin to beat slow, then a breath
Machines go (beep, beep, beep)
Must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit
I'm tryna rewind time like a tape
Find an escape
Make a beeline
Try and awake
From this dream, I need to re-find
My inner strength
To remind me
Even if a steep climb I must take
To rewrite a mistake
I'm rewinding the tape

Hidden Track

(I don't want it)
I'll put out this last album, then I'm done with it
One hundred percent finished, fed up with it
I'm hanging it up, fuck it
Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know
That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold
And if things should worsen, but I bet you they won't
I'm pledging to throw this mephodome in the toilet
Shred these old letters I wrote
All that old pathetic loathing, closing credits can roll
I'm proud to be back
I'm 'bout to, like a rematch
Outdo Relapse
With Recovery math as LP2
Help propel me to victory laps
Gas toward 'em and fast forward the past
Consider the last four minutes as
The song I'da sang to my daughters
If I'da made it to the hospital less than 2 hours later, but I fought it
And came back like a boomerang on 'em
Now a new day is dawnin'
I'm up, Tuesday, it's mornin'—now I know
[Chorus: Repeat 2X]

I dont know why this world keep turning
Round and Round
But I wish it would stop, and let me off right now

Yes man
As the World Turns
We all experience things in life
Trials and Tribulations
That we all must go through
When someone wants to test us
When someone tries our patience

[Eminem]
I hang with a bunch of hippies
and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches
and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsiders baby, and we suing the courts
Cuz we're dope as fuck and only get a 2 in the source
They never should've booted me out of reform school
Deformed fool,takin a shit in a warm pool
They threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said it wasn't me, I got a twin (Oh my god its you! Not again!)
It all started when my mother took my bike away
Cuz I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, It was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin teachers, and jackin off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll past the test guessin
And all the other kids said Eminem's a dishead,
He'll never last, the only class he'll pass is phys ed
May be true, till I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she needed Slim Fast (Who Me?)
Yeah bitch you so big you walked into big Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in the headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
I felt the evilness and started transformin (RARRRR!)
It began storming, I heard a bunch of cheering fans swarming
Grabbed that bitch by her hair
Drug her across the ground
And took her up to the highest diving board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, its too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly flop

[Chorus]

As the World Turns
These are the days of our lives
These are the things that we must go through
Day by day

[Eminem]
We drive around in million dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsiders, and we suing the courts
Cuz we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Hypercondriac, hanging out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy fat white trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standin by a pale of garbage
Its almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailor park bitch
I met a slut and said "What up, its nice to meet ya"
I'd like to treat ya to a Faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck and I don't get paid till the first of next month
But if you care to join me, I was bout to roll this next blunt
But I aint got no weed, no phillies, or no papers
Plus I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So gimme all your money
And don't try nothin funny
Cuz you know your stinkin ass is too fat to try to outrun me
I went to grab my gun
Thats when her ass put it on me
Wit an uppercut and hit me with a basket of laundry
I fell through the glass doors
Started causin a scene
Then slid across the floor and flew right into a washin machine
Jumped up with a broken back
Thank god I was smokin crack all day
And doped up off coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her
But so I gotta catch her first
Ran through Rally's parkin lot and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in
And shot her fuckin porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
Thats when I seen the bedroom door shut
I know you're in there bitch! I got my gun cocked!
You might as well come out now
She said "Come in, its unlocked!"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked watchin gay porn
She said "Come her big boy, lets get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothin could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fuckin leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just trying to buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Den Den Den Den Den Den, Go go gadget dick!
Whipped that shit out, and aint no doubt about it
It hit the ground and caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted "Now bitch, lets see who gets the best!"
Stuffed that shit in crooked and fucked that fat slut to death (Ahh!! Ahhh!)
Come here bitch!
Come here!
Take this motherfuckin dick!
Bitch, come here!

[Chorus to fade]

And as we go along
Throughout the days of our lives
We all face small obstacles and challenges everyday
That we must go through
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Every single day the world keeps turning
Ohhh baby

[refren] 
The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
I ain't never seen an ass like that 
The way you move it, you make my pee pee go 
Doing, doing, doing 

I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true 
I ain't never seen an ass like that 
The way you move it, you make my pee pee go 
Doing, doing, doing 

The way she moves she's like a belly dancer 
She's shaking that ass to that new nelly jam, I 
Think someones at the door 
But I don't think I'm gonna answer 
Police saying "freeze" 
Doing, doing, doing 
What do you mean freeze? 
Please, I'm a human being, I have needs 
I'm not done, not till I'm finish peeing 
I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer 
I'm already on my knees 
I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me 
And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee, pee, pee 
Yes, I make r&b, I sing song it go 
Ring-a-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching 
Psych, I joke, I joke, I kidd, I kidd 
If I offend I'm sorry, please, please forgive 
For I am Triumph, the puppet dog, I am a mere puppet 
I can get away with anything I sing, you will love it 

[refren] 

Jessica Simpson, looks oh so temptin' 
Nick I ain't never seen an ass like that 
Everytime I see that show on MTV my pee pee goes 
Doing, doing, doing 

Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome 
Now they're getting older, they're starting to grow bum bums 
I go to the movies and sit down with my pop corn 
Police saying "freeze" 
Doing doing doing 
What do you mean freeze? 
Geez, I just got my seat 
I have ticket, look, I put away my zip-reciept 
Please do not remove me from this movie theater please 
I did not even get to see Mary-Kate shower scene 
I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene 
And don't treat me like I'm pee wee herman, this movies PG 
Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney 
I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea and be free 
Free, yes, free, right back on the streets 
What you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy? 
I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man 
And I can say that and you'll laugh cuz that is a puppet on my hand 

[refren] 

Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so 
I ain't never seen a butt like that 
Maybe next year I'll say ass and she'll make my pee pee go 
Doing, doing, doing 

The way she moves she dances like a go-go 
In that video she sings get out your poles, so 
I need a new boyfriend, hi my name is JoJo 
Police saying "freeze" 
Doing, doing, doing 
What do you mean freeze? 
My computers would be seized and my keys to my ranch 
I just baked cookies Mr. Officer, looky, take a whiff of these 
Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this 
Nobody is safe from me, no not even me 
I don't even know if I can say the word pee pee, pee 
On the radio, but I think I did 
Janet, is that a breast, I think I just saw a tit 
Psych, I joke, I joke, I kidd, I kidd 
I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick 
Get to the chopper, everybody get out 
I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down 

[refren] 

So Gwen Stefani, will you pee pee on me please? 
I ain't never seen an ass like that 
Cuz the way you move it, you make my pee pee go 
Doing, doing, doing 

Fuck is wrong with you? (ha!)
[Verse 1]

Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain
An asshole, that role; think I succeed in fulfilling
But don't think I ever stopped to think I was speaking to children
Everything was happening so fast
It was like I blinked - sold three million
Then it all went blank, all I remember
Is feeling ridiculous cause I was getting sick
Of this feeling like I am always under attack man
I could have stacked my shit list to the ceiling
Women dish him but really thinking
If anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him
Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite
When I'm rippin' shit
But since when did this many people ever give a shit
What I had to say, it's just my opinion
If it contradicts how I'm living, put a dick in your rear end
That's why every time you mention a lyric, I thank you for it
For drawin' more attention toward it
Cause it gave me an enormous platform
I'm flattered you thought I was that important
But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect
And battle for it, mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed
Attaboy, they told me to slow down, and I just zone out
Good luck trying to convince a blonde
That's like telling Gwen Stefan' that she sold out
Cause I was tryna leave, no doubt
In anyone's mind one day I'd go down
In history think they know now because

[Hook: Skylar Grey]

Everybody knows that you're just an asshole
Everywhere that you go, people wanna go home, everyone knows
Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice
There's no place you can hide
You are just an asshole
Everyone knows, everyone knows

[Bridge]

Thanks for the support, asshole *scratch*
Thanks for the support, asshole

[Verse 2]

Quit actin' salty
I was countin' on you to count me out
Ask Asher Roth when he round-a-bout dissed me to shout me out
Thought I was history
But goddamn honkey, that compliment's like backhanding a donkey
Good way to get your ass socked in the mouth
Lay 'em off it, but what the fuck is all this thrash talking about
The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me
You knock me down, I went down for the count
I fell but the fans caught me, and now
You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me
To take my belt, word to Pacquiao
Momma said there ain't nothin' else to talk about
Gotta go in that ring and knock em out
Or you better not come out
It's poetry in motion, like Freddie Roach
When he's quoting Shakespeare
So what if the insults are revolting
Even Helen Keller knows life stinks
You think it's a joke til you're bullet riddled
But you should give little shit what I think
This whole world is a mess
Gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest, and a Glock
Just to go out watch Batman
Who needs a test of testicles, not that man
Half of you don't got the guts and intestinal blockage
Rest of you got lap bands stuck to this motto
Before they put bath salts and all those water bottles in Colorado
So get lost, Waldo
My soul's escaping through this asshole that is gaping
A black hole that I'm swallowing this track whole
Better pack toilet paper, but I'm not taking no crap, ho
Here I go down the Bat pole
And I'm changing back into that old maniac in fact there it go
Trying to dip through the back door retreating cause everybody knows

[Hook]

[Verse 3]

Holy mackerel, I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth
I smacked a girl off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull
For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull
Then screamed "ICP IN THIS BITCH, HOW DO FUCKIN MAGNETS WORK?"
Cause you're attractive, but we ain't attractable
Hate to be dramatical, but I'm not romantical
I'm makin' up words, so you can understandable, It's tragical
Thinking some magical shit's gonna happen?
That ain't practical
You cracking a joke, it's laughable
Cause me and love's like a bad combination
I keep them feelings locked in a vault
So it's safe to say I'm uncrackable
My heart is truly guarded, full body armor
Bitch, you just need a helmet
Cause if you think you're special, you're retarded
Thinkin' you're one of a kind, like you got some platinum vagina
You're a train wreck, I got a one-track mind
Shorty you're fine but you sort of remind me of a 49er
Cause you been a gold digger since you was a miner
Been tryna, hunt me down like a dog, cause you're on my ass
But you can't get a scent cause all of my spare time is spent
With my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin'
Only women that I love are my daughters
But sometimes I rhyme and it sounds
Like I forget I'm a father, and I push it farther
So father forgive me if I forget to draw the line
It's apparent I shouldn't have been a parent
I'll never grow up, so to hell with your parents
And 'mother' fuck 'father' time
It ain't never gonna stop
A pessimist who transforms to an optimist in his prime
So even if I'm half dead, I'm half alive
Poured my half empty glass in a cup, so now my cup has runneth over
And I'm bout to set it on you like a motherfucking coaster
I’m going back to what got me here
Yeah cocky, and can’t knock being rude off
So fear not my dear, and dry up your teardrops I'm here
White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird
If you stare at me and see yourself, because you're one too
You shouldn't be as shocked, because EVERYBODY KNOWS
[Verse 1]

One thousand different houses and munchausen
I'mma make you wanna punch out some fuckin' one "ouch"
What the fuck'd you hit me for?
Scream life as I punch counter and bunches out of anger
I once encountered a stranger
In a dumb gown, black hood
With a scythe
Shit I laughed in his face spit
Bitch gave me an extra life, like take this
Get your ass back in that game
Bitch don't take shit for granted
And don't take shit, give it!
Only bull you should take is by the horns
A mixture of Whitey Ford and mighty Thor
I Everlast, pen is mightier than sword
Finish writing then record
Replenish keep writing more
Nothing's riding on it but your privates are you're fighting for
So you fight, scratch, you claw
Backs to wall
No one was there 
To catch you fall, you pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off
You grab your balls, like they're gargantuan
And ask yourself how fucking bad you want it
Pull out your badge for whooping ass
And flash it on 'em, nobody's gonna back you in the corner, you're a hornet
No one's more ignorant than you fucking four in the morning
You're at the la-bor-atory, storming like there's nothing that's more important
MC's you better consider this a formal warning, you're in for it
Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain?
And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face
I ain't finished bitch
I meant in half, oil the blades
Nobody wants to play
They say I'm a spoiled little baby
But

[Hook]

Nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only trying to warn ya
Cus that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

Cus' nobody puts baby in the corner
I'm only trying to warn ya
Cus that baby gets mad
And gets to throwing a tantrum
He'll fucking flip on ya

[Verse 2]

What goes through an addict's brain?
Besides static pain and big daddy kane
Break, beats and words
An erratic train of thought
Like splatter paint
Scatter brain
Yeah maybe why that explains
Why you're back but you don't rap the same
And you're looking way thinner
Because your hunger got you looking like
They took away dinner
Sugar ray leonard wouldn't sugar coat a fucking booger though
Just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat
When you say you're a chooka what chooka what
Now fling that bitch from your fingertips
I hope it lands on another rap singers lips
Who can't think of shit
Anything of wit, that's interesting to spit
Whose king of this fucking English Lit?
Let your middle fingers flip
On each hand, whilst extending this shit
How low can you go?
Lower then Chuck D ho
Hear the bass of this in my voice
Rocky's back, where's my Adrian?
Nobodies crazy as shady in an eighty million mile radius
I'm what Tom Brady is to the patriots of rap
Not a man, I'm a weapon
Who just happened to be a rapper
Who just happen to be on the crapper
When it happened I had an epiphany
In the bathroom, I'd never be the same after
Now I'm back with an apper-tite
For destruction the fucking recipe for disaster
So let's eat cos' I'm famished
Every deed is a dastardly one
Evil its past it
Even you asking for me to be pulled
Like to people
Is like me having my teeth pulled

[Hook]

[Verse 3]

So step inside of dimension
The demented side of a mind
That's like the inside of an engine
While I multiply your undivided attention
But be reminded that if I didn't mention
I lose my mind and my temper
You'll be the first one
Who finds him offensive
Got him climbing the fences
Lost some time to addiction
But look up rhyme in the dictio-nary
I'm in the picture
Eminem is the synonym for it
I'm an enigma
Fuck it let's get to the meat, balls
I'm gonna skip the veg and potatoes
Edgamacater, they are
Shit legends are madea
Spit treachreous data
Shit that you would say to your worst enemy
This wretchedness
What you get when you mix Treach with a Jada
And combine em' with method man and redman
What meth-amphetamines in his left hand
And in his right there's a sledge-hammer
And pajamas, standing in front of a webcam
Beating himself in the head, til Russell let's him off dead jam
Maybe I need my head examined
Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb
Hanging from his ceiling dripping with a bed pan
I need meds!
Swear to god cus' If I go off the edge
T.I ain't talking me off a ledge man
Heart throb at a fart, ah nah
More like a smart slob, part blob
That'll stab you with a sharp ob-ject
To the heart and leave claw marks
All over the Walmart walls
Little baby with large balls
Fuck mud slinging, I'm blood slinging
There's nothing on this fucking earth better then being
King of the playground
I hate the swings but I love being the underdog
Cos when I'm pushed
I end up swinging
Back when Cain was able
Way before the stable
Lighting struck right down from the sky
A mother ship with fate said let's give it a tryConscience was related
Man he was created
Lady luck took him by surprise
A sweet and bitter fruit it surely opened his eyesWell she ate it
Lordy it was love at first bite
Well she ate it
Never knowin wrong from right right rightEven Eve in Eden
Voices tried deceiving
With lies that showed the lady the way
At first she stopped and turned and tried to walk awayMan he was believer
Lady was deceiver
So the story goes but you see
The snake was he and she just climbed right up his treeSo she ate it
Lordy it was love at first bite
Well she ate it
Never knowin wrong from right right rightWhooooaaa......Conscience was related
Man he was created
When lady luck took him by surprise
The sweet and bitter fruit it surely opened his eyesEvil came like reignin
Who knows who's to blamin
Something tried to lay her to waste
And all she want and need was just a little tasteWhooa, she ate it
Lordy it was love at first bite
Well she ate it
Never knowin wrong from right right rightWell she ate it
Lordy it was love at first bite
Yeah she ate it
Never knowin wrong from right right Oh that's right
[Police voice]
Attention all units, attention all units
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair
I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair
He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife
Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's
He could be coming at your girlfriend next

[Eminem]
There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm
Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair
Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks

[Chorus]
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

[Eminem]
We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms
Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors
Protectors and be sure that you stand close
Watch each others backs and guard your command post
And most of all be advised that he's wise
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I'm on a solo mission to find him personally
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully
For what he first did to me
It's sure to be the last
Following footprints with a magnifying glass
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell
I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar
"Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya"

[Chorus]


[Eminem]
I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps
Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs
Inside the depths of his basement
I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place… went!
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume

[Chorus]


[Eminem]
Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we finally met again
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine
He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home
Beating him over the head with the telephone

[Police voice]
Attention all cars, attention all cars
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect
He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat
He's going back to the crazy home, how about that?

[Chorus]
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!
[Verse 1]

It’s like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt
Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won’t work
All it takes is one song on the radio you’re right back on it
Reminding me all over again how you fucking just brushed me off
And left me so burnt, spent a lot of time trying to soul search
Maybe I needed to grow up a little first
Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt
But I am coming for closure
Don’t suppose an explanation I’m owed for
The way that you turned your back on me
Just when I may have needed you most
Oh, you thought it was over
You can just close the chapter
And go about your life, like it was nothing
You ruined mine, but you seem to be doing fine
I’d never recovered but tonight I betcha that whatcha
'bout to go through’s tougher than anything I ever have suffered
Can’t think of a better way to define poetic justice
Can I hold grudges, mind is saying: "let it go, fuck this"
Heart is saying: "I will once I bury this bitch alive
Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset"

[Hook: Sarah Jaffe]

I flee the scene like it was my last ride
You see right through, oh, you had me pegged the first time
You can't see the truth but it's easier to justify what's bad is good
And I hate to be the bad guy, I just hate to be the bad guy

[Verse 2]

And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch
To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit
Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it?
Not this time, you better go and get sewing kit, bitch
Finish this stitch so you can reap what you sow, nitwit
Thought some time had past and I forget it, forget it!
You left our family in shambles
You expect me to just get over him? Pretend he never existed
Maybe gone, but he's not forgotten
And don't think cause he's been out the pictures so long
That I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't coming to get ya
You're wrong and that shit was rotten
And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, go!
Have you any idea that shit I've gone through?
Feelings I harbor, all this pent up resentment I hold on to
Not once you called to ask me how I'm doing
Letters, you don't respond to 'em
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you
And gee who better to talk to than you?
The cause of my problems
My life is garbage and I'm 'bout to take it out on you
Poof, then I'm gone

[Hook]

[Verse 3]

I've been driving around your side of this town
Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now
Finally I found your new address, park in your drive
Feel like I been waiting on this moment all of my life
And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva
My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house
See, it's sad it came to this point
Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment to come and see ya
But ain't here for ya empathy, I don't need your apology
Or your friendship of sympathy, it's revenge that I seek
So I sneak vengefully and treat your bedroom window
Like I reach my full potential, I peaked
Continue to peep, still bent low
Keep tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo
Sneak all the way 'round to the back porch
Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this
You don't plan for intruders before hand?
Surprised to see me? Cat got your tongue?
Gag, chloroform rag, gag almost hack up a lung
Like you picked up an axe up and then swung
Stick to the core plan, drag to the back of a trunk
By one of your fans, irony spectacular, huh?
Now who's a faggot, you punk?
And here's your Bronco hat, you can have that shit back cause they suck
It's just me, you and the music now, Slim
I hope you hear it we are in a car right now
Wait, here comes my favorite lyric
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
And hey, here's a sequel to my Mathers LP
Just to try to get people to buy
How's this for publicity stunt? This should be fun
Last album now cause after this you'll be officially done
Eminem killed by M&M
Matthew Mitchell, bitch, I even have your initials
I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it
Since you love you're city so much
I figured, what the fuck the best place you could be buried alive is right here
Two more exits, town is quite near
I hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear
That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea
As cops appear in my driver side mirror
(Oh, God, Police!! Ah!)
Hope foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least
New plan Stan
Slim, chauvinist pig drove in this big, lincoln town car
Well gotta go, almost at the bridge, haha big bro it's for you
Slim, this is for him and Frank Ocean, oh hope you can swim good!
Now say you hate homos again!

[Verse 4]

I also represent anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend
I'm the nightmare you fell asleep in and woke up still in
I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen
Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin
No, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in
When they say all of this is approaching its end
But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again
Backs to the wall, I’m stacking up all them odds
Toilets clogged, Yeah ‘cause I’m talking a lot of shit but I’m backing it all up
But in my head there’s a voice in the back and it hollas
After the track is demolished
I am your lack of a conscience
I’m the ringing in your ears
I’m the polyps on the back of your tonsils
Eating your vocal chords after your concerts
I’m your time that’s almost up that you haven’t acknowledged
Grab for some water but I’m that pill that’s too jagged to swallow
I’m the bullies you hate, that you became
With every faggot you slaughtered
Coming back on you every woman you insult
That, with the double-standards you have when it comes to your daughters
I represent everything, you take for granted
‘Cause Marshall Mathers the rapper’s persona's half a facade
And Matthew and Stan’s just symbolic, of you not knowing what you had until it’s gone
‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam, no more fans that are calling your name
Cameras are off
Sad, but it happens to all of them
I’m the hindsight to say, “I told you so!”
Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow
I’m the future that’s here to show you what happens tomorrow
If you don’t stop after they call you the
Biggest laughing stock of rap who can’t call it quits
When it’s time to walk away
I’m every guilt trip
The baggage you had
But as you gather up all your possessions
If there's anything you have left to say
Unless it makes an impact don’t bother
So before you rest your case
Better make sure you’re packing a wallop
So one last time, I’m back
Before it fades into black and it’s all over
Behold the final chapter in the saga
Trying to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle
Twice the magic that started it all
Tragic portrait of an artist tortured
Trapped in his own drawings
Tap into thoughts
Blacker and darker than anything imaginable
Here goes a wild stab in the dark
As we pick up the last Mathers left off
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide..

[Dr. Dre]
All you see is the sun, reflectin off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
I'ma show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishin gold, waitin for this drama to unfold
I got a {blunt} rolled
Feelin bold, gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old .45 colt
The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon, he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster, he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty
but I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said

[Eminem]
You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
but I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge?
Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you
I'm tellin the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you..

[Chorus]

You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun, when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride til there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die

[Dr. Dre + Eminem]
He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit} I took eight
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My {shit} went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
(You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*}
I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was tellin the truth, that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gon' do, it's on you
(Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?)
The Chronic!
(Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)
(And plus I know who's got it)
Who?
(Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot)

[Eminem]
This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless
He's goin around sayin he took the game from us
[Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin]
But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop layin eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps

[Dr. Dre]
I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swingin doors in, started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin - it sounded like a "G Thang,"
and a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin"
I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray
Against 1800, he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flyin every which way

[Eminem]
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot, spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a {blunt} that's rolled

Chorus 2X

Always die..
The Wild.. Gotham
The Wild.. West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide..
[ Eminem]
We never saw from each other's sides, or eye to eye
Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight
So much baggage, need a luggage rack
But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds
Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you
Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth
Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue lashing, then you
Laughed at a stomach tat with the tomb stone
It was funny back in our youth
But then it wasn’t after we knew
That we were done and actually through (and actually through)
But if there's one fraction of truth
If it could be spun back I would do
So many things different, 'cause it was such a dumbass excuse
You hit me once and that I would use
To continue the pattern of abuse
Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I’m confused
Because—

[ X Ambassadors]
How come you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband


[Eminem]
You were the beat I loved with a writer's block
Just a line that's hot, that I forgot
We laughed a little, cried a lot
I'll never forget when you came home and you held Hailie
Day before you went to jail and daily
How we'd wait for that mail lady
Or by the phone for Mom to call
And I watched you pull yourself up and we decided on
Giving it one more try despite it all
You're my lightning rod when my sky gets dark
I'm your shiny rocks in that tiny box
When we tied the knot, when we broke the knot
Every line we crossed we were supposed to not
Every time we fought, the insults, they got… thrown too far
Words that we said that we didn't mean
The words that we meant that we didn’t say
The ones that we thought that we shoulda said
Letters written that we coulda read
Which maybe woulda lead to some good instead
And had this put to bed
But I’d be lyin' still if I said I wasn’t sittin' here askin' myself

[Chorus: X Ambassadors, Hailie Jade, Eminem]
How come you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (you said)
Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply)
But there's always another side to a good father
A great dad, but a bad husband


[Eminem]
We brought out the worst in each other
Someone had to make the sparring end
’Cause I loved you but I hated that me
And I don't wanna see that side again
But I'm sorry, Kim
More than you could ever comprehend
Leaving you was fucking harder than
Sawing off a fucking body limb
Once upon a time where all we had
Maybe that was what drew us
To each other, it was true love
Shit that we never knew was possible
We might have loved each other too much
And maybe that's what made us do what
We did to each other, all the screw-ups
'Cause you always thought that you was
More in love with me, and I was thinking
I was more in love than you was
For all the times that we thought it worked
'Til we saw how wrong we were
When the dust settles now and all the dirt
If I touch the rawest nerve all I want is for us not to hurt
And it's been an exhaustive search to find the words
But I just heard "Mockingbird"
And got the urge to jot some verses and thoughts
The purpose was not to stir up or open wounds
I've caused a few, and so have you
Or argue whose fault it was, partly yours
Partly mine, but really no one's
This is so tough, I'm gettin' choked up
Oh fuck it, we both suck
We broke up, got back together
We both thought we had forever
Not bad people, just bad together
We were so nuts, backstabbed each other
Another blow struck, but there's no duckin' this blow
'Cause it's over and it's closure
But I'm not so sure how to close this
I just don't know how some people can be so good
At one thing and so fucked at a whole nother
Shit, it's no wonder


[X Ambassadors, Hailie Jade, Eminem]
How come, how come, you can be a lord and a loser?
How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father?
A good dad, but a bad husband
Why are you a good father?
A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (you said)
Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply)
But there's always another side to a good father
A great dad, but a bad husband
[Chorus]

{Just pull the plug!}

People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}

[Eminem]
Hand me an .8, beam me up and land me in space
I'ma sit on top of the world {I'm here} and shit on Brandy and Mase
I'm more than ill
I'm scarier than a white journalist in a room with Lauryn Hill {Ahh!}
Human horror film
but with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me
cause I'ma still be Madd Rapper, whether I got money or not {yup}
As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot
I'll be in a canoe paddlin, makin fun of your yacht
But I would like an award
for the best rapper to get one mic in The Source
and a wardrobe I can afford
Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford
And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicadin for
Everybody's pissin' me off; even the No Limit Tank
looks like a middle finger sideways flippin me off
No shit I'm a great danger to my health
Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself?

[Chorus]
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}

[Eminem]
I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin James Todd Sr.
across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {Ow! Ow! Ow!}
I grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth
with a fucked up childhood, that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate
since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it {c'mon}
I laugh at the sight of death
as I fall down a cement flight of steps {ahhhhhhhh!}
and land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind; you and a friend
can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not, blow your brain out, I'm blowin mine out
Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now!

[Chorus]
{Just let it gooo!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just pull the plug!}
People say that I'm a bad influence
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol {c'mon!}
C'mon do as I do, go ahead get mad and do it
{Just do it!}

[Eminem]
My laser disc gon' make you take a razor to your wrist
Make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face
and place the clip and cock it back
and let it go until your brains are rippin out
your skull so bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches
I'm not a "Role Model," I don't wanna babysit kids
I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business
And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off
Where the fuck were you when Gil was paid to make me dishwash?
I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
You made me get a bigger attitude than eighty Kim Scott's
And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got
I knew that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much
And "Just the Two of Us," that ain't got shit to do with us
and our personal life, it's just words on a mic
So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch!

[Chorus]
[intro]

[Cowboy]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop em
Quickest damn gun slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold blood
That ol' saloon there was their lil' home away from home
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night
You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da Five-Nine

[Eminem]
I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a sismograph
And a noise is bred, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (AAHHH)
Trapped him in his room, possessed him and hoist his bed
Till the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead
I asked him to come to the dark side, he made a choice and said

[Royce]
Who hard? yo I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds
That of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the devil
Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist
Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, its like the Nazis in the nations
Collaborating, attemptin to take over the earth

[Eminem]
Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal
Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither)
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three amounts
When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle
Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain
(He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off
Cuz I can't find a decent vain

[Royce]
The disaster wit dreds
I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough
To kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
Cuz I serve any stranger wit money
I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains
While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Serve this lobbyist, strangle your body then confirm you
Whippin human ass, throwin blows crackin jaws
Wit my fists wrapped in gause, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's
Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me
>From all of angles of us, flash a mack loud enough to cast a avalanche
And bust till volcanoes errupt

[interlude]
*phone rings*
Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you)
STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!!

[Eminem]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (uh-ah)
I'm the one who burned your house down (oh)
Well I'm out now (shit), and this time I'm comin back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon leave you a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm gettin ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe

[Royce + (Eminem)]
Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil
And we hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal
Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel
(We'll be waitin) See you in hell
Wall Street, Royce Da Five-Nine, Slim Shady
See you in hell for the sequel (bye bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what? (till next time)

[Cowboy]
And so that's the story when Bad Meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back comin out of that ol' saloon
But their spirits still live on till this day
Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that?
[Footsteps and windblowing]
[Intro]
Its music to myears... How can i describe the way it fels? It's fucking great man! O.k., let me see, how can I begin?

[Verse 1]
Locked in Mariah's wine cellar all I had for lunch
was bread wine, more bread wine and Captain Crunch
red wine for breakfast and for brunch
and to soak it up and in between snack crackers to much
Mariah whatever happened to us?
Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch
you see I never really asked for much, I can't imagine what's
going through your mind after such
a nasty break up with that Latin hunk
Luis Miguel, Nick Cannon better back the fuck
up I'm not playn' I want her back ya punk
this is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk
mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk
Zapp and Eric Clapton, Shaft, Frank Zappa, crunk
and yeah ba-by I want another crack at ya
you can beat me with any spatula that ya want
I mean I really want ya bad ya cunt
Nick you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
man, I could use a fresh batch of blood
so prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupunc
-ture

[Chours]
Bagpipes from Baghdad
when will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
what's goin through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
somebody turn the vacancy sing on cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like madman holding a Glad bag

[Verse 2]
You can be a parmanent fixture, in my lyrical mixture
I'm the Miracle Whip trickster my signature
sound, when a tube of lipstick around
I'm bound to put it on in an instant wow
man, what an ensemble, what an assortment of pharma-
ceuticals this beautiful pill dust in my palm my
cuticles get residue just from touchin' the bottle
never knew I could remind me so much of my mama
I'll cut ya like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya
the size of a sword, boy I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
get it stuck in your cornea, nicke knowing ya, Norman
your so fucking annoyin' drop the shovel boy, you don't know what fuck your doing
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon ya prick I wish ya luck with the fuckin' whore, every minute there's a sucker born
snuck up on Malachi
made the motherfucker suck on a shuck of corn
shuck of, shuck of corn, shuck of corn
hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fucking on
man what the fuck are ya doin'?
Your running over the snow blower with the lawn mower
blow on your bagpipes from Baghdad

[Chours]
Bagpipes from Baghdad
when will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
what's goin through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
somebody turn the vacancy sing on cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like madman holding a Glad bag

[Verse 3] 
In the bed with two brain dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
nothing will stop me from molestin' you
titty fuckin' you till your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles
is what I said, to the twoconjoined twins
how's it goin girlfriends? You need a boyfriend?
You need some ointment? Just set up an appointment
whose gonna see the doctor first we;ll do a coin flip
I just got my one year sobriety coin chip
when the bad get goin, how bad does the goin get?
Baby you shouldn;t have any trouble rubbing groins with
each other especially when your hoined at the hip
I'm going to get a needle and thread from the sewing kit
and attemp to seperate 'em and stitch them back at the loin, shit
lure the little boy with the chocolate Chips Ahoy chip
cookie, lookie, even took me a Polaroid flick

[Chours]
Bagpipes from Baghdad
when will it ever cease? For Pete sakes he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
what's goin through my mind, half the time when I rhyme while blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
somebody turn the vacancy sing on cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets and act like madman holding a Glad bag
[Hook]
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
(x4)

[Verse 1]

Man i got everything candy painted candy painted 10 cents
so dark i'd be lyin if i said i aint hit at least 9 of my freinds
plus i got so much candy paint on my rims paint be flyin off my car
i be candy paintin the neighbour hood kids i got that whole blocked lookin like its candy land
ask about me man they be like there goes the candyman
i pop the car in the garage and go in and come back in the next morinin
the rims they still spinin hit the doors on that phantom man
that shit look like the bat mobile 32 inch rims
shit i aint even got no wheels
custom fited custom kited wood grain
custom everythin whats that on the seat custom mustard stain
now lets go hit the mall yall know that we freind to ball
get out the car and ya'll be like there goes them superstars
hit every store flash a fucking wad of cash buy i aint buying shit bitch kiss my candy painted ass


[Hook]
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
(x4)

[Verse 2]

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hit the corner liquor store to get Corona, tip the owner, 
Sipped it on the way out as I dip I wanna rip the road up.
Then I'ma hit the cinema an' I'ma get the hoes,
'Cause when I be it, I be it, shit anything goes.
I'm ballin' outta control, girls know I'm loaded with dough,
But shit I'm sleezy as fuck, I'm fuckin' sleezy as hoes.
These bitches don't get a crumb, and it come,
And I'm like, "what up, shut up bitch, sit up, get up off them knees,
My candy paints enough, if you love me I'll let you hug me,
But that's all you get" then I'ma split, disappear,
And a cloud of smoke is all you see.

Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
(x4)

[Verse 3]

Bitch get the fuck out my car if we aint gonna fuck
caus im horny as fuck bitch you sucka my dick or what?
I fuck a chick in the butt i really dont give a shit
is pretty marshal gonna have to go choke me a bitch?
you fuckin keyed up my benz? bitch i fuckin beat up my friends
think i wont beat a bitch i kick a six year old in the ribs
you fucking retard i have you suck farts outa my seat
i teach you not to know how to control your bouls when you eat
what the fuck you think that (coastomy) bag is for looks?
i aint waste 9 bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks
i fucking take a make a wish foundation patient with me
i buy some coke inside your ???soulution IV
turn around and use it on me you try to snort off my keys?
you fucking brat you bag it and come to florida with me
tell your mumma ima drop you off at the hospital later
we gonna make this run now take this gun and cover me slater and quit your ballin


[Hook]
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
Ballin' Uncontrollably
B-ballin' Uncontrollably
(x4)
Eminem
Beautiful
(Queen Sample)
Lately I’ve been hard to reach
I’ve been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone

Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me?
Like I’m reaching out for you.

(Verse 1)
I'm just so fucking depressed
I just can’t seem to get out of this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump

I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
And in the order for me to pick the mic back up

I don’t know how or why or when
I ended up being in this position I’m in
I’m starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen

Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can’t admit or come to grips
With the fact that I may be
Done with rap, I need a new outlet

And I know some shits' so hard to swallow
But I just can’t sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow, but I know one fact
I’ll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I’ll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you’d have to walk a thousand miles

(Chorus)
In my shoes just to see
What it’s like to be me
I’ll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it be like to
Feel your pain, you’ll feel mine
We’ll go inside each others' minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each others eyes

But, don’t let them say you ain’t beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don’t let them say you ain’t beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

(Verse 2)
I think I’m starting to lose my sense of humor, everything ‘s so tense and gloom, I
almost feel like I gotta check the temperature of the room just as soon as
I walk in, Its like all eyes on me, so I try to avoid any eye contact
Cuz if I do that, then it opens a door for conversation, like I want that!
I’m not looking for extra attention, I just wanna be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room, maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don’t need no fuckin' man servant, Trying to follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack, and half of them ain’t even funny like

“Haa! Marshall you’re so funny man
you should be a comedian god damn”

Unfortunately I am, I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don’t you all sit down, listen to the tale I’m about to tell
Hell, we don’t gotta trade our shoes, and you ain’t gotta to walk no thousand miles

(Chorus)
In my shoes just to see
What it’s like to be me
I’ll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it be like to
Feel your pain, you’ll feel mine
We’ll go inside each other’s minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each others eyes

Don’t let them say you ain’t beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don’t let them say you aint’ beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

(Verse 3)
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we’re dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
and flip them don’t expect no help

Now I could’ve either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I’m placed, get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid to wait by the door and pack his bags
Or sat on the porch and hoped and pray for his dad to show up, who never did!

I just wanted to fit in
In every single place
and every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid

And aunt Edna always told me
Keep making that face it’ll get stuck like that
Meanwhile I’m just standing there
Holding my tongue trying talk like “this”

Til I stuck my tongue on a frozen stop sign pole at 8 years old
I learned my lesson then, cuz I wasn’t trying to impress my friends no more
But I already told you my whole life story, not just based on my description
Cuz where you see it, from where you’re sitting, its prolly 110 percent different

I guess we would have to walk a mile in each other’s shoes at least
What size you wear? I wear 10’s, let's see if you could fit your feet

(Chorus)
In my shoes just to see
What it’s like to be me
I’ll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it be like to
Feel your pain, you’ll feel mine
We’ll go inside each other’s minds
Just to see what we find
Looking through each others eyes

Don’t let them say you ain’t beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don’t let them say you ain’t beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you

(Queen Sample)
Lately I’ve been hard to reach
I’ve been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you trying to get through?
Are you reaching out for me?
Like I’m reaching out for you.

(Eminem)
Yeah, to my babies, stay strong, dad will be home soon, and to the rest of the world. God gave you them shoes, to fit you… so put them on and wear them and be yourself man, be proud of who you are. Even if it sounds corny, don’t ever let no one tell you, you aint beautiful…
[Intro]

I can feel the heat rising, everything is on fire
Today is a painful reminder of why
We can only get brighter, the further you put it behind ya
But right now I'm on the inside (Looking out, cause)

[Hook: Sia]

I'm standing in the flames
It’s a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light

[Verse 1: Eminem]

Yesterday was the tornado warning, today's like the morning after
Your world is torn in half, you wake in its wake to start
The mourning process and rebuilding, you're still a work in progress
Today's a whole new chapter, it's like an enormous ass, uh
Thunderstorm has passed ya, you weathered it and poked its eye out
With the thorn bush that you used to smell the roses
Stopped to inhale, can't even tell your nose is stuffed
So focused on the bright side, then you floor the gas pedal
And hit the corner fast, the more asserted, never looking back
May hit the curb, but every day is a new learning curve, as you
Steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve
But you have to, to avert a disaster, lucky, no permanent damage
Cause they hurt you so bad, it's like they murdered your ass
And threw dirt on your casket, but you've returned from the ashes
And that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline
And while you're burning the past, standing at inferno and chant

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Eminem]

You so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life
And it's as though you feel you've died, cause you've been killed inside
But yet you're still alive, which means you will survive
Although today you may weep cause you're weakened
And everything seems so bleak and hopeless, the light that you're seekin'
It begins to seep in, that's the only thing keeping
You from leaping off the mothafreakin' deep end
And I'm pulling for you to push through this feeling
And wit a little time that should do the healing, and by tomorrow
You may even feel so good that you're willing to forgive 'em even after
All the shit you been put through, this feeling of resilience is building
And the flames are burning quick as fire would through this building
You're sealed in, but you're fireproof flame retardant you withstood it
And as you climb up to the roof you're just chilling, you look down
Cause you're so over 'em, you could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling

[Bridge: Eminem]

As time passes, things change every day
But wounds, wounds heal, but scars still remaining the same
But tomorrow today's going down in flames
Throw the match, set the past a blaze
So feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even perspire
From the heat, exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief
And as you say goodbye to the grief
It's like watching the walls melt in your prison cell
But you've extinguished this living hell
Still a little piece of you dies as you scream

[Hook]

[Bridge: Sia]

I Feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn
Rising, a phoenix from the flames
I have learned, from fighting fights, that weren't mine
Not with fists, but with wings that I will fly

[Hook]
[Verse 1]
And I started from the bottom
Like a snowman - ground-up
Like round chuck, and still put hands on you
Stayin' wound up is how I spend time (get it?)
Sucker free, confidence high
Such a breeze when I pen rhymes
I just got that air about me like wind chimes (yeah)
Another day in the life (uh)
Used to have to scrape to get by (yeah)
Now my community's gated and I
Made it and my neighbors say hi (say hi)
I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now
Guess it means I'm way in the sky (way in the sky)
But I still remember the days of
Minimum wage for general labor
Welfare recipient since a minor
Look how government assistance has made ya!
Adversity, if at first you don't succeed
Put your temper to more use
'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse
That should only give you more fuel
Show 'em why you're you
So close, God, it's like I almost got it
But close only counts in time, bombs and horseshoes
So I Unabomb shit—tick, tick, tick—no remorse, pew!
Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick
That's why they call me firecracker
I grew up on WIC—wick, wick, wick—with a short fuse
I got some important news to report to
Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite
Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours?

[Chorus]
Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
I'll never quit.
Do you still believe in me?

[Verse 2]
Man, I know sometimes
These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice
To me they're just ink blots
I just fling 'em like slingshots and so precise
So you might wanna think it over twice (yeah)
When you retards can roll the dice
But beef will at least cost you your career
'Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced
But this middle finger's free as a bird
Nuke warhead at birth, hugest forehead on Earth
Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned
How to incorporate a curse
Point it towards corporate America
Stick a fork in and turn
'Cause four-letter words are more better heard
The world force-fed a turd to me, you're getting yours
But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it
I was there consolin' you when no one knew it
When your situation showed no improvement
I was that door, you walked over to it
I'm the light at the end of tunnel
So people are always lookin' to me as they're goin' through it
When that tunnel vision is unclear
Shit becomes too much to bear
Since "Cleanin' Out My Closet"
When I was havin' trouble with the snare
I'm that unrealistic prayer answered
And I'ma get you jacked up like you're tryna fix a flat, uh
When you struggle with despair
That double-fisted, bare-knuckles coupled with this pair
Of nuts I'm cuppin', I am your fuckin' switch, nothin' can compare

[Chorus]
Do you still believe in me?
Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see?
I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now
And walk out, I will never let you live it down
I'll never quit.
Do you still believe in me?

[Verse 3]
Started from the bottom like a snowman
Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that
But my battery's low, I'ma need a boost to my pack
And I know that I always got Proof at my back
I called you "Proof" because I knew for a fact
My ace in the hole, homie, I'm callin' on you
'Cause I think I'm slowly startin' to lose faith in it, so
Give me that inclin- and mo–
–tivation to go, Hussein with the flow
Fake fans left you two-faced at the show
Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul
Layin' vocals two days in a row
True statement, hate to go down this road
But there's only one route to cross this bridge
So I walk in this bitch with loose change
'Cause all my dues paid, but this booth's takin' its toll
But it's never too late to start a new beginnin'
That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon' do?
Use the tools you're given!
Or you're gon' use the cards you're dealt
As an excuse for you to not do shit with 'em?
I used to play the loser/victim
'Til I saw the way Proof was driven
I found my vehicle and I haven't ran out of gas yet
And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets
Fanny packs, hourglasses
If time was on my side, I'd still have none to waste
Man, in my younger days
That dream was so much fun to chase
It's like I'd run in place
While this shit dangled in front of my face
But how do you keep up the pace
And the hunger pangs once you've won the race?
When that dual exhaust is coolin' off
'Cause you don't got nothin' left to prove at all
'Cause you done already hit 'em with the coup de grâce
Still you feel the need to go full tilt
That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill
When that wheel's loose, I won't lose will
Do you still believe?
[Verse 1]

Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That's why my pen needs a pad cause my rhymes on the ra-aag
Just like I did with addiction I'm 'bout to kick it
Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets
Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket
But quick to get it impaled when I tell 'em stick it
So sick I'm looking pale, oh that's my pigment
Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick
Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch
The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren
And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch
Been public enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch

[Bridge]

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(Go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(Go berzerk) all night long

[Hook]

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk) Grab your vile, yeah

[Verse 2]

Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it?
Khaki's pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced, so I guess it ain't
That aftershave or cologne that made 'em just faint
Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint
So if love is a chess game, check mate
But girl, your body's banging, jump me in, dang, bang-bang
Yessiree Bob, I was thinking the same thang
So come get on this Kid's rock, Bawitdaba, dang-dang
Pow-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow
Got your gal blowing up a valve, valve-valve
Ain't slowing down, throw in the towel, towel-towel
Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how
At least I know that I don't know
Question is are you both so smart enough to feel stupid
Hope so, now ho...

[Bridge]

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(Go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(Go berzerk) all night long

[Hook]

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go
I say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk) Get your vinyls

[Scratch]

[Verse 3]

They say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam
All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo
With the ugly Kardashian
Lamar, oh sorry yo, we done both set the bar low
Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past
But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow
And girl, I ain't got no money to borrow
But I am trying to find a way to get you a-loan (Car note)
Oh, Marshall Mathers
Shit head with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered
Kangol's and Carheartless Cargos
Girl you're fixing to get your heart broke
Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain baby
I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow
Word, Rick, word man you heard, but don't be discouraged girl
This is your jam, unless you got toe jam

[Bridge]

Kick your shoes off, let your hair down
(Go berzerk) all night long
Grow your beard out, just weird out
(Go berzerk) all night long

[Hook]

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.
So baby make just like K-Fed and let yourself go, let yourself go
Say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk) Grab your vile, yeah

[Hook]

We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down
So turn the volume loud, cause it's mayhem 'til the a.m.
So crank the bass up like crazy and let yourself go, let yourself go
I say fuck it before we kick the bucket
Life's too short to not go for broke
So everybody, everybody (Go berzerk) Get your vinyls
[Intro]
([Jay-Z]Best rapper alive) x4
[Jay-Z] Whoo!...Ladies and gentlemen...
[Eminem] You're now about to witness the power of...
[Jay-Z] H, to the Izzo... and...
[Eminem] Shady (ha-ha)... It's showtime

[Verse 1 - Jay-Z]

Yo, gather round hustlers that's if you still livin
And get on down, to that ol' Jig rhythm
Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison
A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high
I, Young 'Vito, voice of the young people
Mouthpiece for hustlers I'm back motherfuckers
Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns
Y'all can't fuck with Hov', what type of X y'all on?
I got great lawyers for cops so dress warm
Charges don't stick to dude he's teflon
I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred
I'm not guilty, now GIMME back my bread
Mr. District Attorney I'm not sure if they told you
I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to
plus - Hov' don't run, Hov' stand and fight
Hov's a soldier, Hov' been fightin all his life so
What could you do to me? It's not new to me
Sue me; fuck you - what's a couple dollars to me?
But you will respect me, simple as that
Or I got no problem goin back
I'm representin for the seat where Rosa Parks sat
Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped
So off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro
The ruler's back

[Chorus]
(Best Rapper Alive) x4
[Jay-Z]
Uhh, uh-huh uhh uhh
I, am, BACK, niggaz -
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Turn the motherfuckin music up
[Jay-Z & Eminem] Can't leave rap alone the game needs me
[Eminem]"Give me the mic, show me where the fucking studio's at"

[Verse 2 - Eminem]

There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again its the, illest and realest killas
The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's
Not over 'till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners
Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next
He's already reconciled with his ex, a chainsaw and an axe
Jump a bitch's desk, strangle her neck
While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the vex, yeah bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect, I never left, baby I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zy automatically
He says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass

[Chorus]
(Best Rapper Alive) x4
[Em & Jay-Z] "Can't leave rap alone the game needs me"
[Verse 1: Mos Def]

For sinners, saints and scramblers and gamblers
And dirty money handlers, dignitaries and champions, narcotic traffickers
Talented number runners and racketers
Stars of stage, page and cameras, slang swingers and swaggerers
Double barrels and Derringers, automatics and miracles
Europe, Asia and Africa, all the time in America
Atlantic, Ashland, Alblemarle to Albany
Bridge into Baltic, Bedford Ave, Bergen Street
Clinton to Cadman, Church Ave to Clarendon
Road to Central Avenue, Cooper House, Cypress
And live from Bedford-Stuyvesant
The livest high flyingest pilot bombardier from Pyrrhus
Stationed live and direct, Medina mastermind set
Ya can’t lock my set now lock off, cool
Peace to the nation of the Gods and the Earths
And the Sun, Moon and stars, Furthermore born knowledge go hard

[Verse 2: Black Thought]

Remix, rising up out of the flames like a phoenix
Straining to carry the weight of my brain like a genius
Knowing I’m sowing seeds let’s see whose thumb is the greenest
If I said it I mean it and did it because I need it
Eat sleep it and bleed it, write it down and then read it
Asphalt to the cement, your trash talk is deleted
Blastoff, I lay them out like a Tempurpedic
Black Thought, I told you I’mma win eventually
This unsung, underrated, under appreciated
The one them underachievers had underestimated
Finally graduated from something that’s so hated
To one of the most sacred, nobody gonna take it
Face it, I keep doing it well, doing it sans assistance
Is do it yourself, doing it below the radar
We doing it stealth, doing it again
For Illadelph and who else? But check it out
Y’all see him on a job, see my eyes focused where the prize be
I’m like Martin Luther King you like Rodney
The difference is I give it everything inside me
Dear Diary, my fans still swear by me
Even though I’m late night now like here’s Johnny
Swimming with them big whites now is where you’ll find me
Funny how it break right down but never mind me
I’m forever grimy, guess it’s just Philly shining
Rock rolla bi-polar like Phyllis Hyman

[Verse 3: Eminem]

Like a dope fiend opening up a bottle of dopamine
You’re just hoping you don’t get roped for your throat get choked anything
Oh and just think how dope he could be if he smoked anything
Oh, there goes the bell, the sound of the opening ding
I hit you as hard as barbiturates in the ribs with a switch
And stitch you a the same time before you can flinch to it
My dick is so big, if I add another inch to it
You would swear when I raped you that you was actually into it
I’m not a baller but you can bet your fuckin’ bottom dollar
That I remember when I was without a dollar bill in my wallet
Now watch me kill a koala while I maul a chihuahua
Bum a pill off of Paula like let me holler at you mama
It’s like I’m off the bomba when I bring the fuckin’ drama
Used to bomb ya like Saddam but now that I’m a little calmer
I’m a fuckin’ cross between Osama Dahmer Obama and Dalai Lama
So Miley I’m a knight in shining armor
Mail a gift to Taylor Swift’s trailer a picture
Of my genitalia with a note saying bitch I can’t wait to nail ya
Drug paraphernalia beware the werewolf will kill ya
That’s him in the sheep’s clothes, he just shaved his hair off Cecilia
[Eminem:]
Welcome to Detroit
This is the BET Shady 2.0 Cypher 2011
Myself, Slaughterhouse and Yelawolf

White dog, get em!

[Yelawolf:]
Put these muthafuckas in a box and I send ‘em away
Put 'em in a gray 'Lac and pop the trunk
Hey throw 'em in the back, jack, I dig ‘em a grave
Put a brick inside that Xerox, when I print ‘em a page
Moving keys I can't relate, cause I live in a cage
I throw up the A, I take ‘em to school,
I give em a grade, an easy E for effort
That's WWA, white with an attitude
Alphabet soup is on my plate
All I got is Z’s they sleeping on me, I can’t get ‘em awake
I spoon feed them the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns
Who believe they making it rain cause all they see is the clouds
And I watch from the couch of the VIP
Like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like fuck it
I just feed em a cow
Plenty of white boys to pick from this year
But before you can pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater
Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic
But what it's like to pick a fight with me
It’s like putting Nikes on a cheetah, betta speed up
Or at least in my case Addidas
I'm out this bitch drinking Sprite by the 2 liter
Holler, Shady records

[Joe Budden:]
Say I’m from the new school, I’ma say check ya tone and watch ya mouth
If they teaching how to dougie, I’m condoning dropping out
Forced to wile, y'all birthed and gave me up
I just perfected being hip hops foster child, now check it
I don’t blame y’all for being trash fans and copping it
The radio’s the crime scene the masses are the hostages
In my youth I'd throw shots, the fan would dodging it
I’m grown, I ain't watching the throne, I’m sabotaging it
You see that four headed monster and the storm looms
Snipe ‘em from a distance, the scope got a long zoom
You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room
Got a figure here you won’t get bigger if you on shrooms
Was left to me I'd revive what the game be ’bout
I’da took the wine outta Amy house
Enough raps from you scrub cats about cocking a snub back
Wayne couldn’t teach me how to love that
But I got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny
Both parents broke but she comes from money
Think my bread is her paper to burn
So I lock her out and now she doubt David is Stern
She so bad I make her hit the telly from a taxi
Then dead her in that Holiday Inn
Learnt that from Max B
That's why the haters of every kind wanna send me Llamas
I made it right before they eyes like I was Benihanas
Is it me? Or is what I'm hearing just pitiful?
Airwaves the same now the stereo’s typical
My skin thick so the critics ignore
So unafraid to die you think I did it before
The boys Rodman with the trash talk
Magical walk with the black ball way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws
Glass jaw, hoody and mask would be the black folk with no passport
Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors
If pumps had awards ya status whore category
Probably be that of awards 'tween Michael Rappaport and Kenny Lattimore
I know hip hops alive and well
If it died, you other crews wouldn’t survive the smell

(Ladies & Gentlemen... you're scared now)
(Make that face at 'em dawg)
(Crooked I.. get 'em)

[Crooked I:]
I spot a victim, the plot’ll thicken when the clock is tickin'
I caught em slippin', I gotta give em a shot, I hit em with proper spittin'
Hottest writtens and compositions, so competition's a contradiction
Somebody mentioned they got it crooked, highly fiction,
We probably different, got Gotti henchmen,
Opposition our body quick as Bugatti engines
I’m on a mission to get richer,
The sickest lyric kicker diggin' a ditch for different spitters
Sweet lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor
Spit like a sick mixture
Of Notorious Pun and L get the big picture
The poster I’ll roast ya,
My mind so deadly it’s just like the beanie is close to a holster
It’s over control my whole coastal region like I’m supposed to
Flow is going postal evening, open season
Heart close to freezing, ruthless is easy nigga
Approach I’m squeezing, believe me
Dopest West Coaster breathing
So most y'all hope I’m vegan, no pun, beefing
Rappers need to keep it trill
Give me a beat to kill too many people still eating sleeping pills
People sleeping on my ether skills
And y'all ain't even real
We about to die in this cypher
Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a Will
Foreal

[Joeel Ortiz:]
Yaooowa
I ain't a rap dude, I’m a dude who rap
Before this I was moving crack
Killers y’all become when y’all rhyme, I salute and dap
And if I blink then remove ya snaps, you ain't cool you wack
With ya foolish yac’s? skinny jeans don't mean ya ass shoot
It means ya booty claps
Don’t play like Tyler Perry, this the Slaughterhouse of Pain
Flow brown, tight and heavy
When it comes to sixteen’s I’m a fiend feinding a studio
Near a needle with a mean lean, probably writing bars to Nas "Thief theme"
Getting my Yaowa on, may all the Olajuwon’s be the dream team
This is an all day slaughter
They feindin for us to break like Beyonce’s water
The four quarters doing all the eating
And you gotta know why I made the cut, I’m Puerto Rican
Ortiz keep the fire ready
And tryna put me out’s like tryna steal a transvestite from Eddie

[Royce Da 5'9':]
I’m do or die dope
And you can make the sticker sittin' on the door
Of that phantom your suicide note
Hi Rihanna..
Is Nicki living with you? Let me know
So I can buy binoculars and telescopes
Hi Rihanna..
I don’t need to know you better
You tell me you love my music again, we go together
Bye Rihanna...
Now back to y’all fools
We rock out like the outside of a guitar school
Thousand dollar frames, I prefer to see the world through
Don’t ask me nothing bout Budden, I beat my girl too
You ask me why do I keep her? I say it’s cheaper to
That’s why I ride around in a Rolls like Wiz Khalifa do
Rappers, I’m your daddy, I tell you straight as this
You don’t kill but your father Will like Jaden Smith
I tell ya like I tell my Spanish chick
You fly but I ain’t going down on no landing strip
So get your wax on like Daniel-son
Or I’ma have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come
Point out the greatest rapper alive I headshot ‘em
Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom
Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife
While I’m cyber sexing with Jessica Alba, via Skype
I’m on my d-boy, d-bo thing
Spiritual steelo swing like Cee-Lo Green
Get out the camera with yo B Roll bling
You know your flow is whack
We cornered the market like a Wal-Mart in a cul-de-sac
Yeah, this what 2 million singles sold and a album that’s gold
Look like, without having to sell your soul
Nickle

[Eminem:]
Wait, can I rap?

(You da Boss, you better get 'em)

Ayo... lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal subliminal
In your swimmin' pool

(Boo.. come on man, get back on.. kick that shit)

You ’bout to see peace destroyed
It’ll never be restored
When I unleash these beastly hoards on your CD stores
Wanna stop it, you gon' need a priest and at least three swords
A license to ill from the Beastie Boys, 3 Ouija boards
And a squeegee and please be warned don’t ask for the squeegees for
Or the holy water, acid rap that’ll eat these floors
Eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns?
And as for me, you ask when I’m gone "will he be mourned?"
Is puke luke warm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?
Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a freakin' shoebox
With a shoehorn, smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on?
Can she duct tape and Velcro a fetus? Joell yo,
Tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shell toe adidas
So I can put these babies in the fetal position,
They’re getting elbows to the penis
Yeah, big deal. I took some little kids big wheel
And spit in his fricken big kids meal
Quit tryna bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still
You just put your six inch heel through my Benz windshield?
Is it dust we bout to kick up?
Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup?
Between a stick shift in his fricken pick up
And drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will till he gets hiccups?
Flippin' the script up like Mike Vick
Get bit in his junk by a pit, yup I’m a sick pup
I’d be a horrible magician
Cause I’d fuck that trick up
Fix ya lips up to say something fly, or zip up
A-B? Let’s C. You said you were gonna do X-Y-Z
Till you fuck around and get dropped like an E
When you add an I-N-G
Don’t put a K in front of that though, when I MC
Cause I’m not the king of this microphone booth
It’s more like a phonebooth
Superman in this bitch, kryptonite won’t do
It gives me more power, I bump the fat boys and
Eat rat poison, take meteor showers
Fresh outta the mental hospital and me not flossing a middle finger
While I hop in a mosh pit, will be like Nas doing gospel or R&B, you crazy?
Me pushing up daisies? That thought is impossible
As if flashing across the news, Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute
With a huge Johnson, boobs, and a monstrous tube of lube
And a bra, some boots, some panties, in an aqua blue Mazda
Swallowing a popsicle, playing tonsil pool
So kill the rumors it ain’t happenin'
I’ma rap till I’m fossil fuel
I don't understand
Why are you being so mean?
You're mean mean man

[Chorus]
You are just jealous of me
Cuz you, you just can't do what I do
So instead of just admitting it
You walk around and say
All kinds of really mean things
About me cuz you're a meanie, a meanie
But it's only cuz you're
Just really jealous of me
Cuz I'm what you want to be
So you just look like an idiot
When you say these mean things
Cuz it's too easy to see
You're just a really big weenie, big weenie

[Verse 1]
Alright listen, I need you to focus
I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important
We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts
I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment
Now I need you to open your mind-your eyes close them
You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis
For the next four and a half minutes
We are going to explore into your mind
To find out why you're so fuckin' jealous
Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo?
Hippity ga-ga boo-boo
Psych, I'm kidding
I just wanted to see if you're still listenin'
Ok, now I need your undivided attention
Sir I have a question
Why do I always sense this undeniable tension
From the moment that I enter into the room
It gets all quiet and whispers
Whenever theres conversation, why am I always mentioned?
I've been dying to ask, it's been itchin' at me
Is it just because

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Alright now I, I just flubbed a line
I was going to say something extremely important
But I forgot who or what it was, I fucked up
Psych, I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't
That's just what you wanted to hear from me
Is that I fucked up ain't it?
But I can bust one take without lookin' at no paper
It doesn't take a bunch of takes
Or me to stand here in this booth all day
For me to say the truth, ok?
You're droolin, you have tooth decay
Your mouth is open, you're disgusting
What the fuck you eat for lunch
A bunch of sweets or something, what?
You munch a bunch of Crunch 'N Munch?
Your tooth is rotten to the gum
Your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum?
Yes I do sir, what am I on?
You sir are on chew syrum
Marshall I'm so jealous of you
Please say you won't tell nobody
I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified
That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying
All these terrible, evil and awful mean things
It's my own insecurity!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Alright now we, we're going to conduct
That experiment that we were talking about earlier
Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy
Cuz that's exactly what your eyes look like, want to check to see?
Here's a mirror, notice the resemblence here?
Wait, let me put these sun glasses on
Now look in this mirror, how about now?
What do you have in common?
You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em
You look like I sound like singing about weenies
Now take my weenie out of your mouth
This is between me and you, I know you're not happy
I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room somewhere crying
Curled up in a ball tweeked out of my mind dying
There is no denying that my weenie is much bigger than yours is
Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges
Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless
Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is tortuous
My point is this
That if you say mean things, weenie will shrink
Now I fogot what the chorus is, your just is...

[Chorus]
Everybody says they want a million bucks
But I'd rather have a million days with you
My account dosen't go that high
It doesn't mean you have to sat goodbye to me
Can't promise you a million bucks
But I can promise I'll be good to you
Everybody wants a million bucks
But I'd rather have a million days with you
Day one we'd go fishing
Dollar movies on day two
Days three and four we'd spend in bed
Just like we used to
A million days with you
Would go by much too fast
But I've got a million ways for our friendship to last
I've got a million ways
Everybody says they want a million bucks
But I'd rather have a million days with you
My account dosen't go that high
It doesn't mean you have to sat goodbye to me
Day five we would ride our bikes
Camping on day six
Days seven and eight I'd show you how much I love you
A million days with you
Would go by much too fast
But I've got a million ways for our friendship to last
I've got a million ways
Everybody says they want a million bucks
But I'd rather have a million days with you
My account dosen't go that high
It doesn't mean you have to sat goodbye to me
Can't promise you a million bucks
But I can promise I'll be good to you
Everybody wants a million bucks
But I'd rather have a million days with you
A billion days with you
A billion days with you
Justin? it’s zoe.
Kelly did not have me call, however
I just listened to eminem in her car and
It is the most disgusting thing I have ever heard in my entire life.
And I seriously wanna call his fucking agent
And tell him how fucking disgusting he is
It, like, makes me upset and
I’m now nausious and I can’t eat lunch. goodbye.
[Dre]	Yeah whattup Detroit?
[Snoop]	Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
	Ahhh!  They didn't do it again,
	what-what, what-what?
	Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
[Dre]	Oh fo' sho'!
[Snoop]	Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that?
	This is special right here
	What-what, what-what-what?
	Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
	Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
	Yeah, y'know!  What's crackin Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconcious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central 
{*LOUD SCREAM*} Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre
but I..

[Snoop Dogg]
somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da fuck I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was?  Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whassup Slim?) Whattup cuz? (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
with the King of the motherfuckin West coast, bay-bayy!

Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop)

And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
[Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

[Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust?  They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon

Chorus 2X

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
Awww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!

[Snoop]	He's so cra-zay!

[Eminem]
Hahaha!  Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right?  I'm just a criminal, makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
{*LOWER pitch*} Suck my fuckin dick, you faggot
You happy now?  Look here

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo')

Chorus 2X

[Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!!
Sneakin in through the back door, fruity MC's get ambushed 
Rammed and squooshed, slammed and pushed, crammed and mushed 
Then I'm movin on down from the right to left 
So bite the meth or prepare to fight to death 
To get jacked, attacked and cracked in two 
Smackin through 'til youre black and blue for actin true 
I'm dreaded like a man whose hair is all strands 
Proof that I be sniffin on aerosol cans 
I'm stompin, I'm kickin, I'm chokin, I'm stampin em 
clompin em, stickin, and pokin and clampin em 
To electric chairs and tightenin bolts 
Hit em with frightening jolts of lightning bolts 
I'm zappin, rappers, singers, and dancers 
Faster than you could snap your figures for ransom 
Cancer is in the flesh, alive and breathin 
Survivin by connivin and theivin 

[DJ scratching] - "Do it!", "Eat em up" 


[Eminem] 

I had a dream I was gettin jacked by biters 
It felt like I was bein attacked by spiders 
Developin a fear of biterphobia 
I'm holdin a gas can and lighter over ya 
If I detect ya, I'ma pulverize 
Dissect your brain, diggin in your skull for lies 
And I'ma torture, with material iller 
than a stark ravin mad serial killer 
I'm more dangerous than a loaded chamber is 
A major risk to a plagiarist 
So beware of the aura, A terror for the horrible 
Will scare ya tomorrow, is the airbourne assault of the rappers 
Hit the source to better my skills, 
I head for the border 
And run the Galloping Hills, the choice is yours 
Cause now buddy's noises force me to scream til my voice is hoarse 
Cause I'm sick of these jabber jaws and crap that grab at yours and savage yours to bite like labradors 
In the range of my double-barrel 
And your life is in danger, trouble, and peril 

[DJ scratching] 


[Eminem] 

I trample and stamp liars, like they were campfires 
Cuz vampires right on my balls and clamp pliers 
And swing on my big thingamajig 
So I'm bringin my nig Proof for backup when I sing at my gig 
Cause biters are fallin head over heels 
In love with every rhyme that I've said over reels 
That's how I became paranoid 
Chewin my fingernails, pullin my hair annoyed 
Cause every time you bit it was deliberate 
So I'm forced to hit a little quicker with 
an ultimatum I assault and slayed em 
with rhymes and it's ultimatum just to cultivate em 
Energetic and imaginative, 
pronouns and verbs, predicates and adjectives 
Will reach out and grab ya, 9 times outta 10 
That's why I'm spilling one of a kind rhymes out a pen 

[DJ scratching] - "Everybody walk out the back door" 

[DJ scratching to fade]
Just pull the plug!
People say that I'm a black juice
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin to it
They say I'm suicidal
Teenagers' newest idol
C'mon do as I do
Go ahead get mad and do it (2x)

[Eminem]
Hand me an.8
Beam me up and land me in space
I'ma sit on top of the world {I'm here
And shit on Brandy and Mase
I'm more than I'll
Scarier than a white journalist in a room with Lauryn Hill {ahhh
Human horror film
But with a lot funnier plot
And people goin' feel me cuz I'ma still be
The mad rapper whether I got money or not {yup
As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot
I'll be in a canoe paddlin' makin' fun of your yacht
But I would like an award
For the best rapper to get one mic in The Source
And a wardrobe I can afford
Otherwise I might get sent up back-strike in a Ford
And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicadin for
Everybody's pissin' me off; even a No Limit tank looks like
A middle finger sideways flippin' me off
No shit I'm a grave danger to my health
Why else would I kill you and jump in a grave and bury myself

Just pull the plug!
People say that I'm a black juice
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it
They say I'm suicidal
Teenagers' newest idol
C'mon do as I do
Go ahead get mad and do it
Just let it go! (2x)

[Eminem]
I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrolling corners
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Rosco beating James Tar Senior
Across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments {ouch ouch
I grew up in the wild hood, as a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood, that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person
Don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it {c'mon
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps (ahhhh)
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind, you and a friend
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out
I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now

Just let it go
People say that I'm a black juice
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it
They say I'm suicidal
Teenagers' newest idol
C'mon do as I do
Go ahead get mad and do it
Just pull the plug! (2x)

[Eminem]
My basic disk will make you take a razor into your wrist
Make you satanistic
Make you take the pistol to your face
And place the clip and cock it back
And let it go untill your brains
Are rippin' out your skull so bad
To sew you back would be a waste of stitches
I'm not a "Role Model," I don't wanna babysit kids
I got one little girl, and Hailey Jade is Shady's business
And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off
Where the fuck were you when Gil was payin me to dishwash
I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got
You may be gettin' a bigger attitude than maybe Kim's got
And the shit's almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got
I know that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much
And Just the Two of Us
That ain't got shit to do with us and our personal life
It's just words on a mic.
So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig
But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch

Just let it go
People say that I'm a black juice
I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it
They say I'm suicidal
Teenagers' newest idol
C'mon do as I do
Go ahead get mad and do it
Just pull the plug! (x2)

Just do it.
[Chorus: Skylar Grey & Eminem]
Black magic, night walker (Yeah)
She haunts me like no other (Feel like)
Nobody told me (I don't know) love is pain, oh (I know we just met)
Black magic, dark water (But it's like)
Surrounds me like no other (It's like I know you better than anyone)
She's got my heart in chains

[Verse 1: Eminem]
We're volatile, I can't call it, though
It's like too large a peg, and too small a hole (Yeah)
But she cheats and I catch her like the common cold (Sneeze)
Last time, I broke her collar bone, she's intolerablе (Yeah)
All I know is that the sex is phеnomenal, though
We're an unlikely pair (Yeah)
Like two different Nike Airs
But I'm the same size she wears (Jordans)
So I think we're soulmates though (Yeah)
People don't like us together, but like we care (Not me, not me)
Yeah, but God strike me dead (Yeah)
She knows that I would walk over hot coals
For her with both of my feet bare (Yeah)
But soon as I ask to hit (Ask to hit)
It's like she grabs a switch (Grabs a switch)
And turns me over her knee
'Cause my ass is whipped, yeah
And I got her back, but I'm spineless (Yeah)
So when she stabs me in mine (Yeah)
It's like I just can't feel the knife (What?)
As she pokes, jabs it, and slices
One minute, she'll build me up (Up)
The next, she'll push me 'round
Probably why she calls me "dumbbell"
She lifts me up (Yeah), then puts me down (Huh)
But I am under her thumbnail
I must be under her spell
It's like lookin' right into a gun barrel
But none of these hoes can fuck with my girl
She got that—
[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
Black magic, night walker
She haunts me like no other
Nobody told me love is pain, oh
Black magic, dark water
Surrounds me like no other
She's got my heart in chains

[Verse 2: Eminem]
We wake up, break up, make up like Maybelline
Now she's all made up like make-believe
Probably why she's so fake to me
But what the fuck's it gonna take for me to make her see?
Strip her naked and take her keys
I been plannin' this day for weeks
But I can't tell if I'm 'wake or 'sleep
But if this is actually happenin', "sucker for pain"
I'm stuck in this radioactive pattern
But her by her motherfuckin' hair's
All I "imagine draggin'" (Dragon)
She lunges, attacks, and scratches
But I ain't gonna stand for that shit
Like Kaep for the National Anthem
As I stab, I'm laughin'
So much for witchcraft and magic
Abracadabra that, bitch
No turnin' back, I'm blackin'
As I say farewell to the love of my life, I cut and I slice
I give her one last hug goodbye
Wipe the blood off my butterfly knife
Watch her fuckin' die right in front of my eyes
But in hindsight
Think I just wanted to see what her insides look like
As I pop another five Vic's
That's what this high's like
Look down, there's mud on my Nikes
Shovel at my side, blood on my mic
Now wake up to Music To Be Murdered By like—
[Intro]
I don't smile, I don't frown, get too up or get too down (Nah)
I was here, so were you, you came and went, I stuck around (Yeah)
Still here now, stop me how? Your opinion's like a broken calculator
That shit doesn't count
Shut your motherfuckin' mouth

[Chorus]
I'm emptyin' (I'm emptyin') my book of rhymes (My book of rhymes)
Get 'em all off my pad, every thought that I had
I said I'm emptyin' (I'm emptyin') my book of rhymes (My book of rhymes)
Get 'em all off my pad (Yeah), every thought that I had

[Verse 1]
Haven't used all the tricks I have, so like my balls, I'm in my bag (My bag)
Get a little testе when I'm mad (I'm mad), sick of wrestling this iPad (iPad)
Unsuccessfully, I might add
And I know it's bеst to leave it lie
But even I get obsessed with reading everything
And let it get the best of me 'til I snap ('Til I snap)
But I need to get off the internet (Get off the internet)
I need to get on the mic (Get on the mic)
You need to get off the internet (Internet)
You need to get you a life
Why you waste time just to comment on shit? (Comment on shit)
Especially shit you don't like (Shit you don't like)
Don't like it, don't listen, but don't tell me 'bout your favorite rapper rippin' some shit he didn't write (Shit he didn't write)
What happened to Slim? He was no cap with the pen
He used to rap like the people his music was for
He was exactly like them
The dude who used to be poor, why can't he tap into him?
Can't use that excuse anymore
He's mad at the wind, he's in a nuclear war
With a cloud, he's yellin' at it again
I talked to your mother, she told me she loved me
All she wanna do is just hold me and hug me
Wants nobody but me, she showed me the Dougie
Can I get a witness like notary public? (Preach)
She said, "Kick some fly shit" (Fly shit)
I said, "I got wings on my ass" (Wings on my ass)
Told her my dick's a cockpit (Dick's a cockpit)
I fly by the seat of my pants (Seat of my pants)
Sinful thoughts, this beat is crazy, this shit's retarded
This instru's mental (This instru's mental) to mini-bars, incidental charges
When did it start? I been cold-hearted in this heart since kindergarten
Mental sharpness which makes Slim a walking dentist office, bitch, I invented flossin'
Yeah, I used to wonder (I used to wonder) where my next meal's gonna come from (Meal's gonna come from)
Now, I just wonder (Now I just wonder) where my next mill's gonna come from (Mill's gonna come from)
I cannot have no success (Have no success), unless when I finally make it (Finally make it)
I get to remind all the haters (Remind all the haters) who shitted on me when I'm on my way up (I'm on my way)
My floor is y'all fool's ceilings
If I was you, I would step or find yourself twisted
That's how you'll wind up like spiral stairs
I will swear on a stack of Bibles
I will tear new behinds out of rivals, even your idols, I don't care
It's Music to Be Murdered By, so Bon Iver can swallow a fuckin' Ja Rule bobblehead
And die slow like Alzheimer's (Ha-ha)
Lone sniper, I hold a microphone like a loaded rifle
My dome's brighter, all I spit from my skull's fire
All that's missing's a motorcycle with the chrome wires, spoke tires
And y'all are flow biters, so I don't gotta
Explain why they call me your ghostwriter
[Chorus]
I'm emptyin' (I'm emptyin') my book of rhymes (My book of rhymes)
Get 'em all off my pad, every thought that I had
I said I'm emptyin' (I'm emptyin') my book of rhymes (My book of rhymes)
Get 'em all off my pad, every thought that I had (Illa)

[Verse 2]
Haven't used all the tricks I have, so like my balls, it's in my bag
I tend to get a little testy when I'm mad
But gift of gab and pen to pad turn temper tantrums into anthems
Put lips to ass and kiss the cracks, spit your damnedest
You're still gonna hit the canvas
Rippin' rappers, veterans to whippersnappers
Mr. Mathers is killin' this shit, villainous wit with scant less
Syllables rip the planet, biblical shit's fittin' to hit the fan
Anybody wanna go tit for tat's gonna get hit with that
Then the amygdala hippocampus is gonna trigger the ignoramus
To think of the most ridiculous shit to spit then
Pit it against these pitiful rappers
Insidious, these idiots wittiest shit against me shitty as MC Hammer's
Get your whole squad, send a task force in
If you want it, you're 'bout to get what you asked for then
Put your helmet on, strap your chin
You're 'bout to get you a crash course in
Who not to start a motherfuckin' rap war with
Or to go against, fuck would you wanna do that for?
No offense, but are you retards slow or dense?
A fuckin' penny has more sense
Yeah, now you gotta get killed, but it's not a big deal, but every thought is so ill
And so methodical, thought I swallowed a pill
I'm starting to feel like I'm an automobile
With Barnacle Bill inside the car at the wheel
Inside a carnival, 'cause I'm plowin' into everyone who wrote snidey articles
And that explains why the fuck you clowns are all in my grill
Joy and pain, fortune, fame, torture, shame, choice I made
Swore someday the world would pay less to lose, more to gain, daughters raised
Yesterday, glory days, adored and praised, ignored the hate
Addressed the fake, toured with Dre, tore a page from Jordan came
Destroyed the game before you came, enjoy your stay
Before it's gone away, but the more you claim that you're gonna point and aim
If it joined a gang, your shit isn't going to bang
You're just boring, lame and more of the same
You have an enormous chain, but a stormless brain
The most you can form is rain
Your shit is pointless, same as a scoreless game
So, bitch, quit lyin', you're denyin' like Mr. Porter's name
Borderline bipolar disorder since my stroller
Eyes rollin' back in my skull like Eli Porter
Fire mortar (Brr) rounds, Ayatollah, every iota I load up
I owe to my motor mouth
This is my note to self
Sometimes you're gonna bomb
So you just might have to blow yourself up with no one's help
I just wrote it down in my book of rhymes
Preemo, take us out
[Outro]
Writin' in my book of rhymes
My book of rhymes, my book of rhymes
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm eastside
Writin' in my book of rhymes
My book of rhymes, my book of rhymes
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm eastside
[Chorus]
Boy meets girl,
You were my dream my world,
But I was blind,
You cheated on me from behind.

'Cause boy meets girl,
You were my dream my world,
But I was blind,
You cheated on me from behind.

[Verse 1 - Eminem]
Now I know we said things,
Did things that we didn't mean,
And we fall back into the same patterns,
Same teams,
But your tempers' shit just bad as mine,
You're same as me,
But when it comes to love you just as blinded.

Baby please come back,
It wasn't you,
Maybe it was me,
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems,
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano,
All I know is I love you too much,
To walk away doe.

Come inside,
Pick up your bags off the sidewalk,
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk?,
Told you "this is my fault",
Look me in the eyeball,
Next time I'll miss to let my fist hit the dry wall,
Next time-,
There won't be no next time,
I apologize even though I know it's lies,
I'm tired of the games,
I just want it back,
I know I'm a liar,
If she ever tries to fucking leave again,
Ima fucking tie her to the bed...[?]

[Repeat Chorus]

[Verse 2 - Bow Wow]
Listen,
I'm sitting lookin out the window like, "Damn",
Tryna fix the situation that's at hand,
You're still running through my mind when I'm knowing that you shouldn't be,
Me, you're gonna be mine when I'm knowing that you couldn't be.

Cuz you haven't called,
I ain't even appalled 
I still got a lot of pain,
I ain't dealt with it all,
I've been runnin around with other chicks,
I'm single and they lovin it,
I'm likin it but I just want the one that I was in love with.

It's not the end of it,
I'm tryna let you go,
I can't,
Get a grip of that I'm tryna let you know

You got hold some kind of control of me,
I don't know what it is,
But I gotta get you goin for me,

I'm working at it,
It ain't getting no better,
I'm just tryna be like,
"Yeah, whatever, forget it."
Instead of starin out this glass,
Lookin at this bad weather,
Damn, I gotta pull myself together,
Cuz.

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Drake]
It sounds like a conversation,
It's a celebration,
Lets toast to the fact I moved out my mamas basement,
To a condo downtown,
Cuz it's all about location,
I sit and drink wine and watch Californication of life,
You shoulda been here to kick it with me, 
We coulda split this whole thing up 50/50,
But now I'm at the 40/40 gettin bitches tipsy,
Killin shit that ever so talented Mr. Riply,

How did I go from bein a man that you argued with?,
To meeting Dwayne Carter and putting alcohol an shit,
Should wanna go back to the one I started with,
But I'm addicted to this life,
It's gonna be hard to quit.

Yeah, just ask me how things are coming along,
You can tell me that you've none of my songs,
As long as you say one day you plan to listen,
Cuz what's a star...[?]

[Chorus]
[Doctor] Scalpel
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Sponge
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Wait.. he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
[Nurse] Ah!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my God!

[Eminem]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts, "Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!"
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
(Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said,
"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
"I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want from me?!?"
He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse..."
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works"
I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!"
[N] "What's the matter?"
[E] "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!"
[N] "Leg?!? I thought you said it was your tummy?!?"
[E] "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!"
[N] "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over.
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework."
[E] "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?"
[N] "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him."

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes
so everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose,
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef"
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn't breathe
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey!"
The principal walked in (What's going on in here?)
and started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice,
or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk.
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt.
I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good."
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
and beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot..
.. Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin, "What are you on, drugs?!?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!" (Sorry!)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have you done?!?"
[M] "Oh my God, I'm sorry son"
[E] "Shut up you cunt!" I said, "Fuck it!"
Took it and stuck it back up in my head
then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Brain damage..
It's brain damage..
I got brain damage..
It's brain damage..
It's probably brain damage..
It's brain damage..
Brain damage..
I got brain damage..
[Intro]

Eminem has a full line of chainsaws
Eminem..Eminem..Eminem..Eminem
Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper…Eminem
Who can say for sure?
Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer
If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use
Society would reap a great benefit

[Verse 1]

I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets
Who's likely to become a serial killer? Case of tourettes
Fuck, fuck, fuck can't take the stress
I make a mess as the day progresses
Angry and take it out on the neighbors hedges
Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches
With these hedge trimmin' scissors with razor edges
Imagination's dangerous it's, the only way to escape this
Mess and make the best of this situation, I guess
'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's, 
Despicable I'm sick of just getting pushed it's ridiculous
I look like a freaking wuss, 
A pussy this kid just took 
My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush
I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook
This fucker was twelve and was six foot, with a vicious hook
He hit me, I fell, I got back up all I did was book, now there's using your head
Mama always said...

[Hook]
'If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
A brain you'd be dangerous' (I'm prove you wrong)
Mama, I'm a grow one day to be famous
And I'm a be a pain in the anus
(I'm a be the bomb)
I'm a use my head as a weapon
Find a way to escape this insaness
Mama always said 'Son, If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous
Guess it pays to be brainless

[Verse 2]

Fast forward some years later
A teenager, this is fun, sweet
I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete
It's usually once a month, this is some feat 
I've accomplished they stomped me into the mud, gee for what reason? You stomped me
But how do you get the shit beat out of you, be down and be up beat,
When you don't have no-thing, no valid shot at life
Chance to make it or succeed
Cuz you're doomed from the start
It's like you grew up on drug street, from jump street
But if I had just kept my head up my ass
I could accomplish any task
Practicing trash talking in a trance
Locked in my room yeah But I got some plans mama
These damn rhymes are falling
Out of my pants pocket I can't stop it
And I'm starting to blend in more, school this shit helps for sure
I'm getting more self assured than I've ever been before
Plus no one picks on me anymore, I done put a stop to that
Threw my first punch, end of story
Still in my skulls a vacant, empty void,
Been using it more as a bin for storage
Take some inventory in this gourde there's a Ford engine, door hinge, syringe, an orange an extension cord and a Ninja sword
Not to mention four lynch pins and a stringent stored ironing board a bench, a wrench, 
a ore, wench an attention whore
Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fucking chain
Like an independent store, something's wrong with my head
Just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I don't
Cause I'd probably be Dahmer, cause mama always said

[Hook]

[Bridge]

Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm
Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb
I was on he bottom of the pile gettin' stomped
But somehow I came out on top

[Verse 3]

I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo
I'm nice, yo, fuck it I'm out cold
Now everywhere I go, they scream out 'Go'
I'm bout to clean house, yo
I'm Lysol, now I'm just household
Out sold the sell outs, freak the hell out
Middle America, hear them yell out, 
in terror they were so scared, and those kids
Just about, belted out
Whatever spouted or fell out
my smart alleck mouth, it was so weird
Inappropriate, so be it, I don't see it
Maybe one day when the smoke clears, it won't be as
Motherfuckin' difficult, yeah, till then
Hopefully you little homos get over your fears and phobias
It's okay to be scared straight, they said I provoke queers
Till emotions evoke tears, my whole career's a stroke of sheer genius
Smoke and mirrors tactical, practical jokes, yeah
You motherfuckin' "Insert insult here"
Who the fuck would've thought one little lone MC would be able to take the whole culture and re-upholstery it
And boy they did flock
Can't believe this little hick locked
This hip hop shit in his hip pocket and still the shit got
That white trash traffic in gridlock
Shit hopping like six blocks from a Kid Rock
Insane Clown Posse Concert in mid oc-tober
And God forbid I see the wizard and get a brain in my titanium cranium dog
Cause I turn into the Unabomber mama always said

[Outro]

Insaneness ain't even a word you stupid fuck
Neither is ain'
Get up
Everybody on the dance floor, come on
That means you too, Chris
Haha

Well, it's Friday night
No date for the prom
Just got caught jacking off by your mom
Suspended from school for settin' off the alarm
Kim Jong keep screamin', "He's gonna drop the bomb"
But anyway, every day is the same old shit
Room lookin' like a tornado hit it
Try to explain, your parents, they don't get it
Time to hit you with a funky dope rhythm
Let it roll, if you ready, we gon' start the show
Everybody in the world, all across the globe
You can feel it in your head, down to your toes
Dance until you wheelchair bound, here we go
Yeah, horseback, little do-si-do
Little bit of soul mixed with some rodeo
Everybody in the world's gonna laugh to this
Shit, I'll probably end up crippled after this
Come on

Clap your hands and stomp your feet
Everybody join together
Can you feel the funky beat?
Everywhere you see people laughing and
Dancing in the street
On the count of three, everybody do
The "Christopher Reeves"
One, two, three, follow me

Superman, Batman, Spider-Man
Slipped, fell, landed in a garbage can
Shit, hell, damn it, I can hardly stand
But I get it crackin' like no one in the party can
Give me a beat, I'll show you all a brand new dance
All I need is a stretcher and an ambulance
Now stand back, kids, don't try this at home
Chi-boom, kick-boom, ah-oh
It's a brand new craze and it's sweepin' the nation
Anything else is a cheap imitation
Just make sure that you videotape it
You can only do it once 'fore the people go apeshit
It's a crowd favorite, a party pleaser
It's better than a shake of a grand mal seizure
So next time that you see grandma, tease her
And roll up in a fresh set of wheels all greased up

Clap your hands and stomp your feet
Everybody join together
Can you feel the funky beat?
Everywhere you see people laughing and
Dancing in the street
On the count of three, everybody do
The "Christopher Reeves"
One, two, three, follow me

If your arms, legs, feet and your hands are numb
You've fallen and you can't get up
It's a brand new dance
This is my Chris anthem
I'm givin' Chris Reeves his chrysanthemums

I'ma have everybody jumpin' to this
Caitlyn Jenner in the front row pumpin' her fists
With a simple little twist and a flick of the wrist
The little snap of the neck and a slip of the disc
You just pull up a chair and grab a seat
And clap your hands and stomp your feet
Or stomp your hands and clap your feet
Flop around 'til you lookin' like a slab of meat
You put your left foot back, your right in front
Tip your head back, let it touch your butt
'Til you feel a lil' pop, like what the fuck?
Motherfuck, fuck a duck, what the fuck? I'm stuck
So party people, are you with me? What's the deal?
If you real, grab your chair up by the wheel
If you wanna feel just like the Man of Steel
Windmillin' on a million banana peels, come on

Clap your hands and stomp your feet
Everybody join together
Can you feel the funky beat?
Everywhere you see people laughing and
Dancing in the street
On the count of three, everybody do
The "Christopher Reeves"
One, two, three, follow me
Woo

Good morning Eminem, or Marshall, as others have informed me, Christopher Reeves here
You have better not talk behind my back
Or I will kick your ass the minute I'm out of this chair
Watch yourself, Marshall, I'm watching you

AAAH! Holy shit!
Hand me an eighth, beam me up and land me in space
I'ma sit on top of the world and spit on Brandy & Ma$e
I'm more than ill
Scarier than a white person trapped in a room with Lauryn Hill
Human horror film, but with a lot funnier plot
And people will fill me 'cause I'ma still be the mad rapper
Whether I got money or not
As long as I'm on pills and I got plenty of pot
Ill be in a canoe paddling, making fun of your yacht
But I would like an award
For the best rapper to get 1 mic in The Source
And a wardrobe I can afford
Otherwise I might just end up back striking at Ford
And you wonder what the hell I need more Vicodin for?
Everybody's pissing me off
Even the No Limit tank looks like a middle finger sideways
Flipping me off
No wonder I'm a grave danger to my health
Why else would I kill you and jump in the grave and bury myself?
Share and Enjoy:
[Eminem - Verse 1]
Better watch out sucker now I got ya where I want ya,
onslaught, coming and Im packing in my lunch up,
bunch a missile launcher and a bunch a contra-ban,
van full of ganja, now come on jump,
man stop moshin Marshall on my God ya,
doin’ the cha cha and the Cucaracha with a quadri-plegic,
boogieing down to Frank Sinatra,
Lyndsay to the Lohan naked while you let me watch ya,
who da knew the Buddah do to me whats its done,
such cynicism when this isn’t in my system,
blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lip son,
so much on my hands, i got to give my kids a fist pump,
Chris-to-pher Reeves swimming in my swim trunks,
Mister, “help me” whats he said to me and then sunk,
women skinning them and cutting them up in chunks,
in comes the woman with cocoa butter skin ones,

[Chorus]
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill,
skin em up, hem em,
sew em up in those kilts, up in those kilts,
upa upa up in those kilts,
man you don’t want to go up in those hills,
up in those hills, uppa up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill,
buffa-buffalo bill,

[Verse 2]
Always, you can see em lurking in the hallways,
carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space,
how the hell did he fit em all in such a small space,
hide em in the wall but how long will the dry wall take,
well f-ck it then, I got nothing but time, I’ll wait,
until its dries for the moment i guess your all safe,
after I sand it and buff it I guess that I’ll paint,
my chainsaw’s outta gas my regular saw aint,
now here I come again, damn stomach rumbling,
you can even hear the evil spirits coming from within,
someones in, the back of my damn house rummaging,
its a girl, she looks pretty thin but I want to skin,
been on the hunt again, when will it ever end,
Evelyn why you trying to fight you will never win,
severing legs, arms, damn there goes another limb,
pull the lever then trap door, death is evident

[Chorus]
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill,
skin em up, hem em,
sew em up in those kilts, up in those kilts,
upa upa up in those kilts,
man you don’t want to go up in those hills,
up in those hills, uppa up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill,
buffa-buffalo bill,

[Verse 3]
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill,
nothing so chill,
f-cking hoe, you better f-cking hold still,
make sure none of that lotion in that bucket don’t spill,
cut em gut em and just keep stuffing those girls,
man I think she had enough of those pills,
lyrics courtesy of killerhiphop.com
sedate her, then I wait her come back later just to clutch on those steel blades
braids, baby when I cut ya dont squeal
I hate the loud noises I f-cking told you,
I keep hearin voices like wouldntcha like to go and get your butcher knife
and push it right through her
while you put your shishkebab skewer into her,
barbeque her, or would you do to her what you usually do to a girl who’s skins newer

[Yoda]
In a World of Sin doer this is turning into a torment tournament of sorts,
Christmas Ornament you are,

[Eminem continued]
I”ll be sure to Gensu ya til there’s no more skin to ya,
boo ya who ya think you f-cking with,
duck because here he comes again,

[Chorus]
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-buffalo bill,
skin em up, hem em,
sew em up in those kilts, up in those kilts,
upa upa up in those kilts,
man you don’t want to go up in those hills,
up in those hills, uppa up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of buffalo bill, buffalo bill,
buffa-buffalo bill
[Intro]
Yo, check it out, it's fucked up, and I don't see either one of us budging

[Verse]
I'm withholding my anger
Though I'd like to be the strangler
Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck
It's my right to insist
That he acknowledge my existence
But he just displays complete lack of respect
That's what he says to himself
As he uses magazines to trash me
As he sits with both feet up at his desk
Smokes a bag of his weed
And starts imagining things
And he just can't see that he's manically depressed
And in his jealousy and envy
It just whirls him in a frenzy
As he turns on MTV and sees my face
He don't exist in this world
So he just twists and he twirls
Spirals and spins till he runs himself in a rage
And it's destroying him slowly
Cuz he does not even know me
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes
So he just tortures himself
He has no fortune and wealth
So he extorts someone else to get his dough
And now he's acting like a bully
So he tries to push and pull me
But he knows that he can't pull me so he's mad
He has no choice but to scream
And raise his voice up at me
Cuz it annoys him to see that I ain't scared

[Chorus]
You aint no motherfucking (bully)
And I aint bowing to no motherfucking (bully)
I won't allow it, aint no coward to no (bully)
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully)
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...)

And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall(y...)

[Verse]
Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies
No more unfortunately
There's so many motherfuckers that just are
They just keep pounding at me
Now that I'm down with 50
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja' [laughter]
But his ass is such a puppet
Irv could shove his whole hand up it
And just make him say what he wants him to say
But Suge has Irv's on a string
And Irv's so nervous that he
Says anything to this man to keep him at bay
So now Ja thinks that he's so tough
And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf
And they go huff and puff and blow our label down
But our building's made out of bricks
So you ain't taking out shit
I know you just did a song with Bobby Brown
So now you try to pull a race card
And it backfires in your face hard
Cuz you know we don't play that black and white shit
Plus this guy that you fucked
When you was ecstasied up
Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch

[Chorus]
You must be taking to much (E...)

[Verse]
Now what bothers me the most
About hip-hop is we so close
To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac
We just lost Jam Master J
Big L got blasted away
Plus we lost Bugs, Slayed Son, and Freaky Ta
It's like a never-ending cycle
That just seems to come full circle
Everyone's gotta be so fucking hard
I'm not excluding myself
Cuz I been stupid as well
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart
But as we grow as men
We learn to let shit go, but then again
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand
We all got reps to uphold
When someone steps on our toes
It's no exception, it goes for every man
But if Irv really gave a fuck
About Ja like he claims he does
He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs
But he just keeps feeding him pills
So if that E doesn't kill him
Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed
Dawg, I'm talking to you straight
If the situation escalates
Any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game
And if I get killed for this rap
I got a million in cash
That says I will get you back in Halie's name

[Chorus]
Irvine, get your boy off that (E...)

[Spoken]
Get at me, dawg
Holla
[50 Cent]
Yeah, Shady, Hahahaha 
G G G G G G G G-Unit!

[Eminem] 
Here we go again 

[50 Cent] 
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow? 
You can’t understand how I get my dough 
50 Cent I’m on fire cause Shady said so 
I’m on fire 

[Eminem]
Everybody’s in a rush try to get the throne 
I just get on the track and try to set the tone 
I ain’t tryna use nobody as a steppin stone 
But don’t compare me 
I’m better off jus’ left alone 
And I ain’t even tryna go there wit record sales 
I’m just tryna keep it humble and respect myself 
Say what up, keep steppin, and just rep D-12 
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail 
And livin wreckless 
But if you go check my belt 
You may see something else I used to protect myself 
A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells 
And send ’em back at you faster than they left the barrel 
And I don’t even carry guns no more, I don’t got to 
Got undercover cops that’ll legally pop you 
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line 
But this motherfucker Ja musta lost his mind 
That X, got him thinkin’ he was DMX 
Then he switched to ’Pac now he’s tryna be him next 
So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael 
Juss keep singin’ the same song, recycled 
We’d all much rather get along and fight you 
Me and Hailie danced to your songs we liked you 
And you don’t really wanna step inside no mic booth 
C’mon now, you know the white boy’ll bite you 
I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don’t like to 
But I will if I have to, with syllable after syllable I just slap you 
Killin’ you fasta than you poppin’ pill afta little pill of them tabs of that 
shit you on 

But if you want it you got it you’d bump this shit too, if we ain’t diss you 
on it 
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta 
We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to 
So whats the, deal where was all the tough talk? 
When I walked up to you like, Ja what up dawg? 
How come you didn’t say you had a problem then? 
When you was standin’ there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then 
I’ma grown man dawg come holla 
All you did was slapdance, smile and swallow, 
another one of them little X pills in front of me 
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on 

[50 Cent] 
[Chorus] 
I know you don’t want it with me 
You know you don’t want it with me 
You, talk an’ you soon will see 
You don’t wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don’t want it with me 
You, talk an’ you soon you will see 
You know you don’t want it with me 

[Tony Yayo] 
You couldn’t son me if my father helped you 
My punchlines is hot, my bars’ll melt you 
Ja you Stuart Little, shells’ll lift you 
Every other week I’m buyin a new pistol 
I clap at your ass with this chrome 38 
And put six thru your hats of seven 3/8 
Irv you ain’t Suge Knight, you should shook night 
I put my knife in ya wind pipe and freeze ya on the turnpike 
You know and I know who took ya chain 
You got robbed two times so ya ass is laid 
I’m down to die for this shit all I need is bail 
You betta stick to tha movies with Steven Seigel, bitch 

[50 Cent] 
[Chorus] 
I know you don’t want it with me 
You know you don’t want it with me 
You, talk an’ you soon will see 
You don’t wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don’t want it with me 
You, talk an’ you soon you will see 
You know you don’t want it with me 

[Lloyd Banks] 
Fuck that I’m miles away 
And these industry niggas startin’ to get outta hand 
I’ma find your whereabouts by stompin’ ’em out ya man 
Tellin’ New York, even in Compton they understand 
I’m on the block where you was raised doin’ chocolate out tha game an’... 
They see me more pop a boy for icey cuz I could 
Shootin’ guns for money you probably forgot your way around the hood 
Bitch when you paranoid it’s hard to make a song 
Now you want it wit’ us, half your artists got to make a point 
Every magazine I own your on your knees takin’ prayer picture 
And you ain’t even got shot yet, you scared bitches 
You don’t know nuttin’ about what pain is sucka 
I’ll put your ass to the ground like a train conductor, muh’fucker 

[50 Cent] 
[Chorus] 
I know you don’t want it with me 
You know you don’t want it with me 
You, talk an’ you soon will see 
You don’t wanna bump heads with me 
I know you don’t want it with me 
You, talk an’ you soon you will see 
You know you don’t want it with me 

[Tony Yayo] 
Yeah nigga yeah 
Shady Aftermath G-Unit 
Fuck you think they call us G Unit for 
Cause we move units uhha 
Don’t think we ain’t billin you for this motherfucking studio time 
A matter a fact keep call it a 50 we’ll call it even.
Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Eminem 
[Missy] Slim Shady (4X) 

[Eminem] 
Well I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled 
Pop the same shit that got Tupac killed 
Spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode 
and punch a bitch in the nose, til her whole face explodes 
There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches 
Smack bitches that walk up, and drop-kick midgets 
Call me Boogie Night, the stalker that walks awkward 
Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg 
Comin through the airport, sluggish, walkin on crutches 
Hit a fuckin [*pregnant chick*] in her [*stomach*] with luggage 
It's like a dream I can't snap out, I black out, and back out 
Lookin for some other thug, to beat the crap out 
I'm bringin you rap singers two middle fingers 
I flip you off in French, then translate in English 
Then I'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back 
speakin so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it 

[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady 
[Shady] Yeah 
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady 
[Shady] Yeah 
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady 
[Shady] Yeah 
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. 

[Eminem] 
I had a huge attitude, started off staticky 
Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (one more time) 
I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity 
who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following 
It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me 
I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology 
College girls, live in an alcoholic's world 
full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls *flush* 
Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up 
I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (SHUT UP!) 
I made this rap game suspenseful, cause now I got a impulse 
to give you insults wrote with a pencil (bitch) 
and waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood 
Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good 
And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin 
You motherfuckers are puttin your words together for nuttin 

[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady 
[Shady] What's the deal? 
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady 
[Shady] Yeah.. who? 
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady 
[Shady] What's the deal? 
[Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. 

[Missy] 
Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors 
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas 
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily 
What you want what you got is it hot? (Is it hot?) 

Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors 
We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas 
Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily 
What you want (yo) what you want (yo) ahh uhh yo 

"A person from another planet might disagree with you" 
"Well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on Earth" 

[Eminem] 
Slim Shady.. Misdemeanor.. 
Timbaland.. Slim Shady.. 
Misdemeanor.. 

I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends 
Holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends 
Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin legs 
with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you 
(AHH!) Fuckin mad dog, foamin at the mouth 
Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch 
Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building 
and shot every window out on the way down to the ground (KEEP FILMING!) 
Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half 
Suffocated the oxygen mask 
Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again 
Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire 

[Missy] 
Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track 
Don't shoot Missy!!! Get back 
Uhh, I'ma put you all in the line 
Uhh, and I'ma watch you MC's die 
Yo mommy, mommy, Missy done lost her mind! 
I think somebody done pissed her off this time! 
Yo, I'ma have to bust you through your chest and 
uhh, you will have to clean up the mess (uh-huh) 
It's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud 
Never fear, cause pissy Missy's through the crowd 
Uhh, I hear the gats go cha-pow 
Who shot me damnit? Bitch get down 
Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (uh-huh) 
Lay em on down, like they lived underground (uh) 
For the sound, that me and, Timbaland, we found 
Get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now 

Uhh.. one-two 
Misdemeanor, Slim Shady 
Timbaland, motherfucker 
Uhh uhh uhh 
Cool, cool, cool 
Triple zero
[Dr. Dre] Marshall, sounds like an S.O.S. 
[Eminem] Holy wack, unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin'right 
[Dr. Dre] To the rapmobile, let's go! 
[Lady] Marshall! Marshall! 
[Eminem] Bitches and Gentleman, it's show time! 
Hurry, hurry step right up! 
Introducing the star of our show, his name is... 
[Lady] Marshall! 
[Eminem] You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now 
So without further ado, I bring to you... 
[Lady] Marshall! 

[Eminem] 
You're 'bout to witness hip hop in its most purest 
most rawest form flow, almost flawless 
most hardest, most honest, known artist 
Chip off the old block but old Doc' is back 
Looks like Batman brought his own Robin 
Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden 
wit' his on private plane, his own pilot 
Set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges 
Oranges, peach, pears, plums syringes {*Vrrm vrrm*} 
Yeah here I come 
I'm inches away from you, dear fear none 
Hip hop is in a state of 911 so... 

[refren] 2x 
Let's get down to business 
I don't got no time to play around what is this 
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down on these clowns 
Can I get a witness? 
[Dr. Dre] Hell yeah! 

[Eminem] 
Quick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles 
Gee willikers, Dre, holy bat syllables 
Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham when I'm gone 
Time to get rid of these rap criminals 
So skip to your lou while I do what I do best 
You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it 
Flows too wet, nobody close to it 
nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit 
the most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all, so much 
they make it all up, there's no such thing 
like a female with good looks, who cooks and cleans 
It just means so much more to so much more 
People when you're rappin' and you know what for, the show must go on 
So I'd like to welcome y'all to Marshall and Andre's carnival, come on! Now... 

[refren] 

[Eminem] 
It's just like old times, the dynamic duo 
Two old friends, why panic? 
You already know who's fully capable, the two capped heroes 
Dial straight down the center 8-0-0 
You can even call collect, the most feared duet 
Since me and Elton, played career Russian Roulette 
And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat 
People stepping over people just to rush to the set 
Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely, 
ease over these beats and be so breezy 
Jesus how can shit be so easy? 
How can one Chandra be so Levy? 
Turn on these beats MC's don't see me 
Believe me, BET and MTV 
are gonna grieve when we leave, dawg fo' sheezy 
Can't leave rap alone the game needs me 
Till we grow beards, get weird, and disappear into the mountains 
Nothing but clowns down here 
But we, ain't fucking around 'round here 
Yo Dre! 
[Dr. Dre] What up? 
[Eminem] Can I get a hell? 
[Dr. Dre] Hell yeah! 

[refren] 

[Eminem] So now you have it folks 
[Lady] Marshall! 
[Eminem] ... Has come to save the day 
Back with his friend Andre 
And to remind you that bullshit does not pay because... 
[Lady] Marshall! 
[Eminem] And Andre are here to stay and never go away 
Until our dying day, until we're old and grey 
[Lady] Marshall! 
[Eminem] So until next time friends 
Same blonde hair, same rap channel 
Goodnight everyone, thank you for coming 
Your host for the evening... 
[Lady] Marshall! 
[Eminem] Oh, hah
When you do something to somebody, girl... (By my side!) 
It ain't just you, it's somebody next to you, (By my side!) 
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout, and I got my shit right here with me, (By my side!) 
Hey, hey, hey, (The reason everywhere you go, ladies) (By my side!) 
(Okay) So being that that's the case, (By my side!) 
I'll tell you bout, (By my side!) 
That bitch, tell you 'bout my side... (By my side!) 

[ Verse 1 ] 
The way I growed up, shown up, chips on my shoulder, 
Knew about that cola when I was in a stroller, 
Became a holder, choppin' 'em boulders, gettin' older, 
Wantin' to roll, but duckin' 'em rollers, meetin' quota, 
Shorty bi-polar, load up like cock it, I tried to told ya', 
One move in the wrong direction, and I'm flexin' and it's over, 
You on that dojo, G.I. Joe shit but you ain't a soldier, 
Chop her, afford her, you not Cobra, commader, you poser, 
I'm the composer, writer of murder, the order, 
Leakin' outta your body temperature is gettin' colder, 
But you sweatin', and dizzy like a person who ain't sober, 
Realisin' your life is coming quickly to a closure, 
Losin' composure, outta breath like you underwater, 
Twenty seconds in the game, and this the fourth quarter, 
Prime Time, Dateline, all the best exposure, 
Now you still on the news and everybody knows ya, 
Yeah... (Get!) (By my side!) 

[ Chorus ] 

To all them niggas tryna get me, it's (By my side!) 
I'm takin' some of y'all wit' me, it's (By my side!) 
I'm making sure they won't forget me, it's (By my side!) 
To all them niggas tryna get me, it's (By my side!) 
I'm takin' some of y'all wit' me, it's (By my side!) 
I'm making sure they don't forget me, it's (By my side!) 
Che-chik, che-chik, che-yeah... (By my side!) 

[ Verse 2 ] 
Go on then boi, get yo' vest, protect yo' neck, kill for fun, 
Watch how they run and scatter when I go and pull out my gun, 
Call me ignorant and young, psycho sicko nigro, 
They know that, I just fuckin begun, probably crazy, halfway dumb, 
Don't stop, even when I lock on, believe every word out my lung, 
I'm losin' it, snappin' her, this ain't just no rappin, uh! 
Back, all the way back, when you see that strap, cuz it go da-da-da-dah! 
Are you ready to die, tell me why you choose to tell me in my, 
Face, 'fore you already dry up at that fire,look in my eye, 
Have your spirit below me or floatin' in the fuckin' sky, 
All black is my attire, lookin' like an umpire, 
Toss you in the trash, like a bullshit album fly, 
Yeah, yeah, ye-yeah-ye-yeah... (By my side!) 

[ Chorus ] 

[ Verse 3 ] 

The murder capital Momeham yes, it's thriller 
Put fo' in yo' head, have you floatin' off in a river 
It's cold, you shook, we crooks, your body'll quiver 
These rappers so tough, but really they softer than pillows 
Or chinchilla a twinky filla, horn a verilla (?) 
They turn us serial assassins for some scrilla 
Not me, cuz he, I mean him, yes this nigga 
Stays true to what I do, cuz I keeps it triller 
Be real, have you ever ever pulled a trigger? 
It's serious business ya'll, nothin' that's more iller 
No discrimination, you can be chocolate or vanilla 
Can't find yourself in the presence of a fuckin' killer 
Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, yeah.... (By my side!) 

[ Chorus ] 

[ Eminem ] 

It's The Re-Up!
Jumped out of the second floor of a record store
With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder
In Ecuador with Edward Norton
Witness the metamorphosis of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman
From the Hessian war and hence the origin of the headless horseman
Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan
Endless sores and reservoir of extension cords in dresser drawers
And deadbolts on the bedroom doors
And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin
Excellent boyfriend

Use intercourse to settle scores with women who have been vendettas towards men
Dickhead is forced in to the shredded foreskin
Red is torn and they're only bein' fed a portion
Bed sores in [?]
Pregnant whores can get abortions
Fetish for stickin' metal forks in
Self absorption
Skeletor, I went to Hell and fell a floor
A predator, I'm headed for competitors
Better warn 'em, what I lack in tact and a set of morals
I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store
Stegosaurus
Chuck Norris with a thesaurus
Yes of course, I mess up once
You want some? Come and get some, boys
I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course
On excessive force and pressure points
And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange
Dress and four inch heels to address the court
With a bullseye on his back
His whole chest and torso
Are left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him

In my present form I'm Desert Storm
Appetite for destruction is no suppressant for
Aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel
Unpleasant, horrible, hello gorgeous
The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus
Metacontortionist, so when you wanna get sexual?
She said, "However I fit in your schedule, I'm flexible"
Expired tags on the Saturn
Got Kathryn Beck in the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on
At a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph
For this asshole cop's daughter, laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it
He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock
Had a heart attack and dropped dead
Started fallin' back with it and got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock

One ball and half a dick, Apple watch
Crack for an axle, walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff
Pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel
Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and crashes
Asked if they had a laugh in stock
That was fuckin' stupid...

You got it twisted
All 'cause I offered this bitch a doggie biscuit you call me misogynistic
Bitch get to massagin' this dick
Like spas in this bitch
Slob on it with gobs of lipstick
Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with
It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with
She's non-existent
Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some swab and slick shit
But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches
Misfit, blond and nitwit like I've gone ballistic
With a frostin' tip kit
Screamed, "I hate blondes," and became one
I'm optimistic
Love to start shit
Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment
Of the bucket, bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx
I'm double parkin' up at Targets
Trouble 'cause a double cross
The shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across
Olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults
A couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer
Same damn brain scan results
As Rainman's is
Something's awful when Dustin Hoffman's
Dressin' up in your mummy costume
On stage dancin' to "Brain Damage"
What's the problem?
Nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status
Run the faucet, I'm about to dunk a bunch of Trump supporters underwater
Snuck up on 'em in Ray Bans in a gray van with a spray tan
It's a wrap like an Ace bandage
Don't-give-a-fuck persona
To my last DNA strand, E&J in the waistband
At the VMAs with the stagehand
She wants kielbasa
Pre-arrange an escape plan
Three inch blade on point like a [?]
Consider me a dangerous man but you should be afraid of this dang candidate
You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet
'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin'
And that's what you wanted
A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button
Who doesn't have to answer to no one

Great idea!

If I was president
Gettin' off is the first order of business
Once I get in office
Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam
Naked, laughing, dick cupped in hand
Screamin', "Fuck safe sex," throw a latex and an AIDS test at him
Tell congress I run this land
And I want the rubber banned
And make it snappy
Addiction to friction and static
Addict who can't escape the habit
It's in you to chase the dragon
But as fate would have it
I walked up in major Magics
Dressed as the maintenance man
In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket
With a gauge to blast it
And sped away in the station wagon
Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's crazy asses in the backseat
Throwin' Stay-Free pads at me
Dead passenger in the passenger seat
Unfasten the safety latches
And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard
I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires
Finna get a murder case and catch it
Like you threw it at me encased in plastic

And send Dylan Roof through the windshield of the Benz
Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'...
Like a windmill with a thin bill while his skin's peelin'
And skids 'til he hits a cement pillar
Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder
You want to go against zilla? The Rap God
When will I quit? Never been realer
The in-stiller of fear, not even a [??] of doubt
Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla
Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller
Revenge killer of bin syllable binge
Fill a syringe, till I
Draw first blood
Even pop shit on my pop shit, and it's popular
Couldn't be more awkwarder
Cause you're innocence I robbed you of
It's my fingers that got stuck up
Tortured a, not give a
Slapstick, hockey puck
The board hunter with the sawed off
Like an arm when it's lopped off
But I'm not gonna, get the shotgun
Or the Glock, I'm gonna opt for the ox
Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I sharpen
It's not a shock, I'm such an obnoxious fucker
The rock cuts into rock cause who would have thought
This much of a cocksucker that go across the box of Vicia Fox with a box cutter
That was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned
I'm unrevealing quickly
My squabbles, I'm grappling with your time traveling with me
Try and follow, as I wobble, relapse into history, with a flask of the whiskey
Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles
Like what happened to Chris Reeves spine column
That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems
Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off'em
But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles
And why I had to come back on these faggots who diss me
More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel
But my patient is wearing thin
Swear I been contemplating rubbing shit in your face till I smear it in
Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen
And never appear again
If you actually had fucking careers to end
But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them
Molly I'm gone off you
Man light some kush
You're my first take, I'll nail you
Can't lie, I gush
If I won you over, you would be the grand prize
I'm entranced by your looks, come and give the Shady franchise a push
You can get it in a can like some Anheuser Busch
Jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush
Mushed against your damn side, you puss
And tights are squooshed
What kind of attires that?
I'm ready to be rode
Psychopath, bet you we'll get it popping like a flat
Like the match to ignite the wrath
Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half
Piper Chapmans might just have to picket me
Like a scab
Hard to describe in fact
Startling violent perhaps
Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that
And you aren't really surprised at that
But as far as these lines I rap
And these bars, wouldn't dial it back if I star 69'ed the track

Why am I such a dick?
[in a high falsetto voice]
Uncle Marshall!
Will you tell us a bedtime story?
[regular voice]
Here we go...

Now once upon a time not long ago
There was a little rapper about to blow
But his album came and it was not good
I think it went lead or double copper wood
So the silly little fans they were mislead
By a nerdy internet computer hip-hop head
"Me and you, 'Clef, we're gonna make some cash
Grab the silver paint and let's paint my ass"
Hey mister, would ya care to bare witness to
The ass-whippin' I'm about to administer
To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister
Stanabis, little Marshall Mathers' sister
And in this corner, we have the mister
Not havin' it, it's the mad sinister
Dr. Evil with his bag of tricks for
this little antagonist faggot dick-suckin'
Ex-LL Cool J fan from Windsor
I'm 'bout to murder little Kenny fag Keniff-sta
You bastard I ain't wanna have to diss ya
Canabis, where the fuck you at? I miss ya!

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch

Now at first I ain't really understand the shit
Picture me for a second and imagine it
Chillin' in the Bat-Mansion and relaxin'
When all a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners
It's Can-i-bitch on some "Stan Lives" shit
It creeped me out at first. Man this is sick
For me, being just a sick, this conflict
Gets my dick harder than arithmetic
And I know how you jealous ones envy
I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me
The first two letters you were tellin' me shit
Like you respect me, like any other regular MC
The third letter you ask how come I ain't return
None of the messages at Shady Records you left me
The fourth letter: "Slim, you really startin' to upset me!"
The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me
The sixth letter there's a bomb threat in our building
This crazy motherfucker's really tryin' to kill me!
So I went back and read the first few letters that said
Some shit about a message you left
Oh shit, that's not an "E" that's an "A"
This dude wants to leave me a "massage," he's gay!!
Right away I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre
We got a bogey! (Marshall I'm on the way)

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch

So in two seconds flat Dre's at my crib
The funny thing is we both know where this kid lives
And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship
Shit. Oh Dre, wait a mintue that's it
All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo boost
We can fly over the border "Let's go" [WOOSH!]
So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed
[BOOSH!] (What was that? Oh) Jermaine Dupri
Fuck It, keep goin' no time to waste
Wait, backup hit him one more time in case
Okay .. fuck now he's draggin' under the car
Oh well, only 30 more thousand miles
Meanwhile me and Dre are tryin' to conversate
Just tryin' to find a reason for the constant hate
And tryin' to figure out what happened to 'Germaine Propaine'
"He couldn't have fell off that hard" Ain't no way
"What happened to the way you was rappin' when you was scandalous
That Canibus turned into a television evangelist"
Plus he raps with his regular voice [BOOSH! BOOSH!]
[BOOSH! BOOSH!] (What was that?) Pet Shop Boys
So we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted
His corpse was still movin' but his ass was rotted
He kinda smelled a little like Courtney Love
I figure if I stick him with a fork he's done
So I stabbed him twice, kept jabbin', Christ
He won't die, this guy's like a battered wife
He's like Kim, he keeps comin' back for more
But he won't fight back I cracked his jaw
Hold up, 'Bis quit foldin' up!
Punch me in the chest! Make my shoulders touch!
Do somethin'! At least one punchline
C'mon till the meter reads 9-9-9-
ty-nine percent of my fans are blonde
'Bis c'mon answer me man respond!
Tell me 'bout the sun rain moon and stars
Intergalatical metaphors from Mars!
Raw to the floor, raw like Reservoir Dogs
Bite another line from Redman's song!
Suddenly the stub from a dead man's arm
From a midget reaches out from under the car
It's JD, this motherfucker won't die neither
Dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether
We stomped the bitch and then stopmed the bitch again
(Compton!) Detroit bitch! Talk some shit again!
Stomp him! (switch feet) Stomp him! (switch again!)
Dre alright he's dead dog, quit kickin him!
I think Stanabis jumped off the bridge again (Damn)
He disappeared yo he's gone he did it again

[Chorus]
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Where for art thou Can-i-bitch?
Please tell me what happened with
That style that you were rappin' with
Can-i-bitch, oh Can-i-bitch
Are you from Los Angeles
New York or just a janitor
From Canada? Oh Can-i-bitch
(B-Rabbit)
Your style is generic
mines authentic made
I roll like a renegade, you need clinic aid
Ma techniques bizarre 'n' ill
I scar 'n' kill
You were a star till I served you like a bar 'n' grill
But I proceed to cook 'n' grill ya
Thats all it took to kill ya
You betta recognise me like I look familiar
If you wanna battle
You beat it round da tush like ya scared ta lick pussy so you eat it round da tush
I need a clown ta push, someone that I can bully
Wait a minute, I don't think you understand fully
See me without a style is like mustard without the Heinz
I lead the new school
Youre a Buster without the Rhymes
I'll bust this shit out ya line

[Sol]
Yo I'm da man chicky
Smokin' d lick licky
10 freaky girls inside da chin chicky
Oh when ya see me ya better believe me
This ain't a game
and pimpin' ain't easy
Anything goes when it comes ta hoes
Im d kingpin when it comes ta flowz
Ya betta ask someone if you don't know
when ya see me girls say 'Whaddup Dog!'
Intro]
*News reports*

[Verse 1]
So this is it, this is what I've wished for
Just isn't how I invisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'da be different
But something changed the minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffing it
And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit, then it turned into a monster
I became a hypocrite, concert after concert
I was raking in the dough, rolling in green
Had the game hemmed up, like a sewing machine
But I was losing my freedom, there was nowhere for me
To not go and be seen, and just go and be me
And there was no inbetween, you either loved it or hated it
Every CD, critics gave it a three, then three
years later, they go back and rerate it
And called The Slim Shady LP the greatest
The Marshall Mathers was a classic
The Eminem Show was fantastic
But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed yet
A couple more years, that shit'll be Illmatic
And 8 years later I'm still at it
Divorced, remarried, a felon, a father, sleeping pill addict
And this is real talk, I feel like the Incredible Hulk
My back has been broken, I can still walk

[Chorus]
So be careful what you wish for
Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do with it cause it might just come back on you 10 fold!

I said be careful what you wish for
Cause you just might get it
And if you get it, then you just might not know
What to do with it cause it might just come back on you 10 fold!

[Verse 2]
I got a letter from a fan that said, he's been praying for me
Everyday and for some reason it's been weighing on my mind heavy
Cause I don't read every letter I get
But something told me to go ahead and open it
But, why would someone pray for you when they dont know you
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals, I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at, I've already told you
At least, a thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer, but I've already got god on my side
and its been one hell of a ride, hasnt it?
Just watching it, from an opposite's stand point
Man, boy it's got to look, nuts
And thats the only word I can think of right now
On how to describe this shit
This is like a vibe you get it, go ahead and vibe to it
Just watch what you wish for, cause I got the shit!

[Chorus]
So be careful what you wish for
Cause you just might get it
And if you get it then you just might not know
What to do with it cause it might just come back on you 10 fold!

I said be careful what you wish for
Cause you just might get it
And if you get it, then you just might not know
What to do with it cause it might just come back on you 10 fold!
[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues and Eminem]
I build this castle, now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry, we’re alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you’ll sing along
This is your song
I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'll be there
I'm prepared to do whatever
December 1st, 1995
This is your song

[Verse 1: Eminem]
You'll be coming out of mommy's stomach soon
I better do something quick if I'ma be able to support you
I can barely support me
But as long as you're healthy, that’s all that matters for the time being
But obviously, assuming you will be, just thinking ahead
I’ma make it if it kills me
Let's see how far I can take it with this music
I’m getting sick of chasing this illusion
Sorry for sloppy writing, the pen in my hand's shaking, please excuse me
Dad's a little nervous, but at the same time excited
If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write ’em with the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm as I'm using in this letter maybe they can feel me as I'm
Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl
For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl
Welcome to mom and dad's crazy world
Love, daddy
Maple flavored kisses, buttered pancakes, and syrup

[Chorus: ? and Eminem]
I build this castle, now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry, we're alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you'll sing along
This is your song
I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'll be there
I'm prepared to do whatever
December 1st, 1996

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Dear Hailie
You got your momma's personality, same eyes as I got
Her beautiful smile, but you ears are the same size as mine are
Sorry for that, a little minor mishap
But you'll grow into 'em baby
I'm on the grind now
I'm doing little shows, open mics, all-nighters, and studios
While I'm tryna keep the lights on
Why does it seem like I'm so close to this dream, yet so far
I just keep steering
I'm gonna turn into someone
I haven't the slightest clue what I'm gonna do if it falls through
You took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon
My Infinite CD flopped, too many soft tunes
They're talking bad about dad, it's ticking me off too
Makes me feel like I don't belong or something
Ooh, I think I might have just stumbled onto something new
Got a prediction for the future, I'm hoping it's you
Open this envelope when you're older and it holds true

[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues and Eminem]
I build this castle, now we are trapped on the throne
I'm sorry, we're alone
I wrote my chapter
You'll turn the page when I'm gone
I hope you'll sing along
This is your song
I just want you to know that I ain't scared
Whatever it takes to raise you, I'll be there
I'm prepared to do whatever
December twenty-fourth, 2007

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Dear Hailie
Now if you found these letters
I guess I better try to explain
A lot's happened in between 'em
Since I rised to this fame
I've said your name but always tried to hide your face
This game is crazy, I wanted to claim my love for you but damn
I never knew it'd be like this
If I did I wouldn't have done it
You ain't asked for none of this shit
Now you're being punished?
Things that should've been private with me and your mother is public
I can't stomach that, take this fame back I don't want it
I'll put out this last album then I'm done with it
One-hundred percent finished
Fed up with it, I'm hanging it up, fuck it!
Excuse the cursing, baby, just know
That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold
And, if things should worsen, take this letter I wrote as a goodbye note
Because your dad's at the end of his rope
I'm sliding down a slippery slope
Anyways sweetie, I better go, I'm getting sleepy
Love dad
Shit, I don't know
feat T.U.T Lyrics 

Yo, 
If I could start from scratch, I’d change most of it, 
If you gave me your trust, I wouldn't of broken it, 
I shoulda helped you out, back in 97’, 
Shit I wouldn’t of let you go I woulda made your life heaven 
I woulda hushed my mouth, gave my shit up, 
I woulda minded my own business, n not let things get fucked, 
Up, I woulda gone to church, maybe become a saint, 
Erased this so-called picture we paint, 
I woulda bin a soldier, no matter what shit 
I woulda bin perfect, the man you want-ed 
I never woulda slacked, now this is a fact 
I never woulda rhymed, ova this track 
If you didn’t want it, I never woulda rapped, 
But this is my life n we can’t change that 
I woulda bin there, I never woulda tried 
I would never want to live, I never woulda lied 
I woulda changed it all back, to the past you see, 
I never woulda let you put your fingers on me 
I woulda let you be, keep my hands off the gun, 
I never woulda changed, never try for number 1 
I would never of intervened, just you n your son, 
N now I’m revelating, putting it all into a song 
I would never of invited you to any show I did, 
I wouldn’t of wanted you to show, even though you did 
I would never shed a tear for a girl I can’t stand, 
I never woulda back-talked, never raised a hand 
I would never want you to think, that this shit was planned, 
I woulda let you go, but I didn’t think you’d understand 
That we could never be together, I could never be your man, 
But if I could turn back time I wouldn’t put you through this again 
I never woulda thought, that we could be buddies, 
I never woulda asked for any pennies of your money 
But its just the way you were, you were so cunning, 
That’s why I couldn’t be your man, n you couldn’t be my honey 
Now I gotta start from scratch, change my whole past, 
I’d change it all, make sure I never asked, 
You out on a date cuz if I knew it would never last 
I woulda forgotten all about you n erased you from the cast 
I don’t make shit up, I speak truth if I’m rapping 
But if I could go back in time, ‘us’ never woulda happened 

(Chorus) x2 

Baby I'm sorry 
It all ended in a hurry 
I didn't wanna cause no worries 
But now i gotta leave.. 

(Konman) 

Yo yo ayo 

I’m fed up wid bein rejected 
Detected, by your radar 
You heard me and you ejected the tape 
No theres no escape 
I can’t believe there’s no-one here to see my true self, all they remember of me is rape 
I try, I fail, I sigh I lie in my bedroom waitin for another world, I sleep, I die 
In a dream waitin for you to come and sweep me away 
It’ll never come, its like I’m dreamin on hennesay. 
I’m waitin for the girl that likes me for who I am 
And looks past the shit in my life full barrier like a dam 
This ain’t no piss take 
Words be spillin like a lake 
And I wouldn’t give to shits if you diss this like I’m a fake 
I’m waitin for my eyes to awake, cuz I’ve just excepted this reality 
And there is a reason why a lot of people are still mad at me 
From year 5, year, 6 it ended at year 7 
My trouble years, this is true like the destruction of 9/11 
I went down the wrong path girl but I promise 
If you take me in now, I wont make a mistake 
Or be a misogynist. 

(Chorus) x2
You are now listening to the sounds of...Shady and...Alchemist..Alchemist..Alchemist... 

Got an axe in the duffel bag, couple of fags, 
Stuffed in the backseat, muzzled n gagged, 
Wrapped in bubble wrap, two lesbians ahh, 
couple hustler mags, now grab the pez dispenser, 
fill it up to the max, with muscle relaxers, 
The governor of Alaska, She lusts when i ask her, 
To shove my polaski sausage up in her ass huh, 
while we hover over Nebraska, 
Shooting at the fucking buffalo pasture, 
in the helicopter, man i can't fuck her no faster, 
she's screaming grab my titties, shady suck on those bastards, 
But i ain't no sucker, I won't snuggle up with her after, 
I'm a gigolo, But Ya'll look like the juggalo rapper, 
Everyday man i just seem to get a little bit doper, 
Shit, Back down, 
Man I'd rather lick on a scrotum, 
And eat the fucking octa Mom's pussy lips with some okra, 
While i watch Whoopi Goldberg, Sizzle with Oprah, 
While bossy pussy farts and takes a piss on the sofa, 
Getting home and play dick swords with the Jonas...Brothers, 
Your mother fucking mothers are roamers, Like no other, 
I keep thinking of her smothered in soma's... 

Its chemical warfare, Drop bombs like sadam, 
I'm bringing the drama, Like Barrack Obama, 
Playing rock em' sock em' robots with the Octo Mama, 
I'm vato loco, homie I'll cock those llamas,
[Verse 1: Eminem]
Instinctive nature, to bring the anguish (yeah) to the English language
With this ink, you haters get wrote on like a piece of paper
This rap shit got me travelin' place to place, you barely leave your house
'Cause you're always stuck at your pad, it's stationary
Yeah, that's why when I brainstorm, gotta write it out
Simon Cowell's rhymin' foul, that's why you sound so shook
Why your bound notebook got tied around your throat
Hook it inside your mouth, go "HRUHHH"
That's what it's like when the mic is out
'Cause I'm tearin' at your fleshful dead
'Til your larynx and neck are split
With these lyrics, weapons expert with
Like hair extensions, extra clips
And you're scared to effin' death of it
Bitch, you're starin' at a legend that
In a pair of Sketchers, sweatshirt ripped
And hoodie black, should be strapped to a chair or stretcher
Electric, swear on every record, bitch
Finger so high in the air, I bet your senses flip
Like a barometric pressure switch
Carin' less who I offend with this
I'm at your neck like Pez dispense
Go 'head, spit your flow, bitch...

[Chorus: PHresher]
I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah


[Post-Chorus: Eminem & PHresher]
And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you
All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do?
My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose
And all at once just to have somethin' to chew, somethin' to chew
Somethin' to chew

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Yeah, uh
And still conjoined at the hip with hop
Still on point and poignant
Skilled as Floyd is
And it's filled and still no filter, boy
I'll put you in your place (yeah) like a realtor, boy
You still ain't in the buldin', boy
I will destroy shit, even as I build it
Get the drill bit, pen is filled with poison
Which is the source, easy to still pinpoint it
Like what? Like a real thin joint, it
What? Comes on Quilted Northern
And what? In a built-in toilet
Yeah, bitch I told you I'm a dog (woof, woof)
I wouldn't heal with ointment
Way I'm kickin' these fairies tails
Should write a children's storybook (yeah)
Million voices in my head, but still get a little bit of thrill
And some real enjoyment
Off what? Off the feel of going in
Like? Like your bitch when she gives me brain
Like she thinks I'm dumb
Grabs the crown of my dick and blows me to kingdom come
'Til I feel anointed
She makes iller noises
When she's with me, must be from the Windy City
Pretty apparent, she's a M.I.L.F. when blowin' me
'Cause like Kandor and two, rippin' the condom in two, woo!
Dick is a bargain or two, now I'm gettin' blue like Kolonopins
[?] I go there, you wouldn't
Well, I still have a few views, and comment on you
Just not YouTube, 'cause...

[Chorus: PHresher]
I'm at your throat like chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

[Verse 3: Eminem]
You're a has-been
That has been the case since back when
You last went and threw your hat in the race
You've been trash
Stick your raps in the trash bin
Or end up in my next rhyme
You're a fuckboy, so next time
It's gonna be heads flyin' like Dez Bryant
With a TEC-9 against Rex Ryan, yeah!
Now watch me set it like correct time
All you get is sloppy seconds like a Timex time
I clock rejects into the next line
Talkin' reckless, that is just my
Strongest suit, but you can get my
Columbian neck tie
Prostitute just climb in the Humvee and lets ride
Why you hitching at night?
I put an end to your life (sex crime)
Kidding aside, insidious vibe
Girl, you know you got the prettiest eyes
But all you're getting is bribe
Ending your life to try to get you inside
Then we gon' end up spending the night
And I'm skinning your hide like an Indian tribe
What kind of nut drives a Budweiser truck
Finds a slut, tries to surprise her, cuffs, ties her
Up, binds up, cuts, slices her twice
But the muff diver must just like it rough
Fuck right in her vagina, blood
Flies up, under thighs, ugh, like a gyser, uh
Music, please
Enthusi', instead of roofie
Goal is to get a floozie inside the jacuzzi
And have a loosie, goosey as coozie is with an Uzi
But I am to rap what blue jeans mean to Bruce Springsteen
Glued me be, I'm truTV, you're too PG
I'm Schoolly D, you're spoony, G
No diss there, just notice there are no similarities that we share
Besides the fact we breathe air
Happily married, to rap and I'm glad that we buried
The hatchet and patched it up
Now I'm back to ratchet up my attack
And I'm at your mothafuckin' throat like...


[Chorus: PHresher]
Chloraseptic, 'septic
And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with
This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit
I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah

[Post-Chorus: Eminem & PHresher]
And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you
All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do?
My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose
And all at once just to have somethin' to chew, somethin' to chew
Somethin' to chew
[Intro] 
You wanna start with the hook first? 
You wanna start with the… 
Oh 

I have no idea what I'm doing 
I have no idea what I'm doing 
But.. 

[Verse 1] 
Everybody get up, sit up Christopher 
I've been miserable without you Superman is a 
live and he’s flowing like the Mystic River 
Gotta act like you never bee kissed before 
One, two, three, four, five, six thisa 
Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser 
How did anybody ever find me I dissa 
..Peared 
I was hiding in the three way beer just a 
Hop, skip and a jump from my skin cushion 
Nails in my face that I been pushin' 
Hellraiser 
My face is my pin cushion 
It's like when I'm on the mic 
I can squisha sucka like a vice grip 
My pin butcher, 
In the slaughter house coz ya styles been butchered 
I'll spin chainsaw 
Take off like the blades on 
My brain's on hyperdrive 
Someone put the brakes on. 

[Chorus] 
Here's a smigit a migit(?) 
To get your digits, Bridget 
Don’t try to fidget with it 
Ribit, ribit 
I got ya slippin on my swag juice 
My swag juice 
I got you slippin on my swag juice 
My swag juice (x2) 

[Verse 2] 
Coz he keeps it busy is a 
Be baby you can throw a frizbee in a blizzard 
He'll catch it in his teeth 
What is he? 
He's a wizard 
Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit 
And i'm pretty sure it isn't (bizz quit?) is it? 
Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick with ya 
I want a kiss before a blow this bitch 
Just slit the, veins 
Get the guillotines 
This is the situ.. 
..ation is critical as Dre spins hisa 
Turntables and he cuts a record like a scissor 
Cheka chicka checka chicka cheka cheka chicka 
We'll wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicka 
Wait a minute I just dropped my necklace in the liquor 
Now baby just a make a little breakfast in at sixa 
Clock in the morning unless you want to get some busy 

[Chorus] 
Here's a smigit a migit(?) 
To get your digits, Bridget 
Don't try to fidget with it 
Ribit, ribit. 
I got ya slippin on my swag juice 
My swag juice 
I got you slippin on my swag juice 

I said... 

Here's a smigit a midget(?) 
To get your digits, Bridget 
Don't try to fidget with it 
Ribit, ribit. 
I got ya slippin on my swag juice 
My swag juice 
I got you slippin on my swaaaag 
My swag juice
Yeah!
You know 
technically,
I'm not even really supposed to be here right now,
So fuck it!
Mine as well make the most of it.

Aah Yeah! ehh
Haha Aah ehh

Aah ehh Aah ehh...

Feels good
Woow
Guess I'm lucky
Some of us don't get a second chance
But I ain't blowing this one.
Now man
Haha
Shit I feel like I can do anything now

Who can catch lightning in the bottle,
Set fire to water,
Commin' out the nozzle on the fire hose,
Quiet and swallow.

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.

Smash an hourglass, grab the sand,
Take his hands an cuff em,
Spin around to freeze the clock,
Take the hands of time an cuff em.

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.

There's a storm commin that the weather man couldn't predict,
I start the ball prick 
you better flee cuz I get ticked,
It's a rap, 
I was down, when I was down I was kicked,
I got up,
I'm bout to punch ya to the ground, ya trick,
It's a trap,
Fuck my last cd this shits in my trash,
I be god damned if another rapper gets in my ass,
I hit the gas 
and I spit every rap as if it's my last.
You can die in the blink of an eye,
So batchin ya eyelashes and keep winking and blown kisses
Cuz your flirting with death
I'm destroying your livelihood, 
I aint just hurting your rep,
I catch a flow and get goin',
No remorse, I'm showinn they slowin, for no one,
Knowin' there is nothing you can do about it
Zeroin on the target like a marksman,
The target is you,
I shut ya lane down,
Took ya spot, parked in it too,
Watchin it flow, lighter fluid, saliva what can ya do,
Go get ya crew 
To hype ya up stand behind you like whoooo!
That boys hot enough to melt hell burn satan too,
Fry his ass, and put his asses back together with glue,
See you can hate em, he don't blame you, 
Frankly he would too,
This game could I'll afford to lose him,
How 'bout you?

Now guess who (hey)
He's a clue (hey)
He came to a ball in a wife beater,
Lost his nike shoe,
It's in ya ass (hey)
He's in ya ass, 
he's all up in ya psychy too (hey)
Yeah (hey), what's his name?

Cin-de-rella man,
Cin-de-rella man,
Cin-de-rella,
Cin-de-rella man,
Cin-de-rella man, 

If I had a time machine, I'm passin ya, 

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.

Music is my time machine ahhh Uuuuu Uuuu, 

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.

Fuck catching a lightnin, he struck it
Screamed shut up and thunder,
Flipped the world upside down 
And made it rain upward

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.

Rewound the future to the present,
Paused it don't ask how,
Fuck the past motherfucker
He's the shit right now he's

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.

Cinderella man
Send the fellow shady dang, 
Came to rap the game up and sell the fame,
Raise hell from hell he came,
But didn't come to bore you with the cinderella story,
Nor did he come to do the same,he can't afford to be 
a label in this day in age,
And at this stage of the game
Mediocrity cannot be allowed to fly,
So say bye,
To the O H I, To the new case of rock,
Consider it as last of rod,
Coop degraw,
Raise em high in the sky,
Keep em up,
Time to bring the place alive,
Thanks for bein' patient
I will make no more mistakes,
Shit my potatoes baked,
Homie the veggies on my plate can fly,
My filet is smoking weed,
Get back if the steaks are high,
Shit I ain't even suppose to 
Be here by the grace of God,
The skin on my teeth
And the hair on my nuts
I skated by,
Now y'all are on thin ice
With anchor weights I hate to lie,
How fuckin irritated are you?
How much in ya face am I?
It ain't shit you could do beferret,
Prove us here in spirit
I'm the spittinn image, I'll mirror it 
When I stand near it,
Your pussy lyric, I couldn't hear it,
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyrics? 

Now guess who (hey)
He's a clue (hey)
He came to a ball in a wife beater,
Lost his nike shoe,
It's in ya ass (hey)
He's in ya ass, 
he's all up in ya psychy too (hey)
Yeah (hey), what's his name?

Cin-de-rella man,
Cin-de-rella man,
Cin-de-rella,
Cin-de-rella man,
Cin-de-rella man, 

If I had a time machine, I'm passin ya, 

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.

Music is my time machine ahhh Uuuuuu Uuuu, 

Cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man, cinderella man.
Where's my snare? 
I have no snare in my headphones. 
There you go. 
Yeah.

Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against, 
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times, 
Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind, 
All this commotion, emotions run deep as ocean's explodin',
Tempers flaring from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin', 
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell as long as I'm breathin', 
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin', an' takin' names in the evening, 
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth, 
See they can trigger me but they'll never figure me out, 
Look at me now, I bet you're probably sick of me now, 
Ain't you mama, I'ma make you look so ridiculous now...

I'm sorry mama, I never meant to hurt you, 
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight 
I'm cleanin' out my closet, (one more time), 
I said i'm sorry mama, I never meant to hurt you, 
I never meant to make you cry, 
But tonight i'm cleanin' out my closet. (ha!)

I got some skeletons in my closet and I don't know if no one knows it, 
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it, 
I'ma expose it, I'll take you back to '73, 
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD, 
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months, 
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch, 
Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye,
No I don't on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die, 
I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leavin' her side, 
Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I'd try, 
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake, 
I maybe made some mistakes but I'm only human, 
But I'm man enough to face them today, 
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb, 
But the smartest shit I did was take them bullets out of that gun, 
Cause I'da killed 'em, shit I would have shot Kim and him both, 
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show...

I'm sorry mama, I never meant to hurt you, 
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight 
I'm cleanin' out my closet, {one more time}, 
I said i'm sorry mama, I never meant to hurt you, 
I never meant to make you cry, 
But tonight i'm cleanin' out my closet.

Now I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition, 
Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin', 
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision 
Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen, 
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shits missin', 
Going through public housing systems, victim of Münchausen's syndrome, 
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 
Till I grew up, now I blew up, it makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it, 
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, ma, 
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, ma, 
But guess what, you're gettin' older now and it's cold when you're lonely, 
And Nathan's growing up so quick, he's gonna know that your phony, 
And Hailie's getting so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful, 
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral, (haha)
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong, 
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom, 
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get, 
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit, 
Remember when Ronnie died you said you wished it was me, 
Well guess what, I am dead, dead to you as can be...

I'm sorry mama, I never meant to hurt you, 
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight 
I'm cleanin' out my closet, (one more time), 
I said i'm sorry mama, I never meant to hurt you, 
I never meant to make you cry, 
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet.
Yeah
Ooh

This game is like cocaine 
I want this more than anything in the world
Ha, do do I
At least I thought I did

[Hook]
Got to have it
Yeah I made it
I'm addicted
Yeah Im fading (fading)


[Eminem - Verse 1]
This was a beat with no words at first, it’s a blank painting
Exercising my mind, it’s brain strength training
Starts off something like shady’s an insane maniac
yeah slim shady thats a zany name aint it
now all you needs an image to go with the name, baby
wife beaters and white t-shirts
hanes mainly, its a long shot but is it possible
theres a lane maybe, if not, he’s gonna have to come and change the whole game mainly
he wants the fame so bad he can taste it
he can see his name up in lights
women screaming his f-cking name feinting
shady did it, he sold out the whole stadium
joe sno made it, he took his plain jane lady
and his baby Hailey out the trailer
but he aint trailing anymore he’s ahead of the race
while maintaining his innocence
little does he know his trains derailing
and he’s about to be raped by this game

[Hook]
What would you do for a little bit
What would you give for a little hit
For thatC.O.C.A.I.N.E

Cause once you get in you  wont wanna leave

[Eminem - Verse 2]
You’re operating on all cylinders
syllables spit like dillingers
spilling your guts
people are feeling your mic skills
but these haters are ice grillin’ ya
willing to sacrifice anything for the life thye might steal from ya
fake friends will kill for ya, die for ya
but you can’t decipher why for the life of ya
it wasn’t like this when you were cyphering
argue with your ife again
she found vicodin in your pants last night again
your disputes public
nothings private anymore
when your best friends say bye bye to him
what kind of apple you take a bite of slim
(but this is what you wanted Marshall aint it)
f-ck no, the way that it turned out
was nothing like the picture that I painted in my head
sometimes a dream I make is more fun than to actually make it
the game stripped me naked
it robbed me of ever having another real relation-ship
with another girl, this World is a f-cking trip
as I slip in another world
proceed, take another hit
sniff til I f-cking url
tell em all to f-cking sit and spin til they f-cking twirl
middle finger up again
relapsing back in this game, oh well, f-ck it then

[Hook]

Alright, talk to'em
Start off right just to
see your name in lights
Just so you can live the life
You take a bit and lose your sight

They call this fame
You thing your good just
Cause you got out the hood
Concerned only wih getting dough
No longer poor but lost your soul

They call it fame
I hear it calling
My name its calling 

Why ya struggling when you
could be ballin'

My head is saying yes but
my feet is stallin'

So many walk in but many fall in

But I got to have it
Like Eve and the apple 
She had to grab it

I got to take it
I got make it
Thats the plan and I can't forsake it

[Hook]

Fame 
I guess I can't leave than
Fame
Couse Im addicetd
Oh well
Fame

Fame
Ohhh-ohh
Fame
(Intro)

Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Althought the whole world knows your name
So on the biggest days they came to see you spit your game
Ooooohhhhhhh
It shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame
Love the game, cold as ice you remain
fuck em' all, tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again

So, god damn... is it that time again already
Haha, you don't look too happy to see me
fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once
All right, fuck ya'll then

(Verse 1)

You can get the dick, just call me the ballsac, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch, fall back you mutts
fuck your worms, you never seen such a sick puppy
fuck it a sick duck, I'm on my duck sick mummy
And my nuts, lick, gobble 'em up trick, yummy
b**ch you don't fucking think that I know that you suck dick dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit honey
Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny!
Shawty dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucker
Motherfucker might aswell let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, cause I'm just a mean cock sucker
This shit is on, cause you wen't and pissed me off
Now I'm sitting and pissing on everbody
give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So buck the buddah, light a bong
But take a look at mariah the next time I inspire you to write a song, cmon

(Chorus)

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

(Verse 2)

fuck it I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Ya'll are sitting ducks, I'm the only goose standing
I set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
Stick my d*ck in a circle, but I'm not fucking around motherfucker
I'll show you pussy footin, I'll kick a bitch in the cunt
Til it makes her queef and sounds like a fucking whoopy cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin', you musta mistook me for some sissy
Soft punk looking for some nookie or boosom
Go ahead, fucking hater push me
I told you ain't no fucking way to shush me
Call me a faggot cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up sissy, G's up
All you gardeners freeze up, put your hoes down (shady ease up!)
Man chill, nah I can't god damnit
Rappers are land fill, drop the anvil
These are shoes that you can't fill
shit the day that happens the world'll stop spinning
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a stand still
During an earthquake, urine in your face
Cause you're fake, ahh what the fuck, that hurt wait!
Ahh what the fuck, I just got struck by lightening
Alright then I quit, god I give up
Call it evil that men do, lord forgive me for what my pen do
This is for your sins, I cleanse you
You can repent but I warn you, if you continue
To hell I'll send you, and just then the wind blew and I said

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

(Verse 3)

How long will I be this way? Shady until my dying day
til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
So long, til then i drop the fucking bombs
Like i miss the pass when I went long
If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
Oh b**ches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women
When the aqua man drowns and the human torch starts swimming
Man I'm a cold soul, I roll solo so
So don't compare me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums yeah
I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune
That last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say I was writing this and I thought of you so

Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty be-low
Ask me why man I just don't know know know know know know know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blo-blows
Oh oh oh oh oh

(Outro)

Oh oh oh oh oh oh
I don't know, I don't know what caused, I don't know what caused me to be this wayme to be this way
I don't know, I don't know by I probably be this way til my dying day
I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold beat bangs, I don't need to say
I guess this is how you made me
Good mornin
Haha, wake your mother fuckin asses up
Yo what is the what?
Well come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleepin on my roof bitch

For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin my arse whipped
Cause I'ma have the last lift that ever gets arse squished
I just can't get past these little pissants
That wanna be rauny bad asses so bad
And they so mad they can't stand it
Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk)
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap and it's a wrap, and it's a scrap an then it isn't rap is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old fashioned but my pashion 
Is to smash anyone rappin without havin a slappin 
Believe me I'd much rather pick up a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic
Cause I'm tellin you right now your not gonna like it
Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me
You poke a stick at a pitbull you get bit B
These words stick to you like crazy glue
When you diss me cause they just bounce off me like bullets do fifty!
I'm the beatiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl acci-dently (argghhh!!)
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy & Proof are you with me?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

[Swifty]
?? the media pitted me of a beef starter
In a party with heat it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs I'm walkin gloves with a shotgun
Constantly popin slugs they hot son, better not run
The bosses of all bosses a haluocaust to whoever ain't concious
In a house full of dog shit, 
I'ma gothic death project, you stop breathin 
You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin
It ain't about what you readin
When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins
Either that or we'll be beefin free when 
You ******* need a 'E' just to speak shit!
Your leader is a botique bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it and we won't even keep it a secret
****** I did it from a mind of a mental patient
When glocks wave you can save that conversation for satan
You brave?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an

[Kuniva]
Yo yo I heard you niggas don't like us
But so what this beef is like 
'What tha fuck did he say in his rap Em?'
I can see that he's just a punk 
I mean these niggas squeeze on me 
Please I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks
Am I empty seein them ?? I emtpy out them ?? to fight you 
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphores I get yours across when I write
So emotions enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT!" 
I might as well give this up like heavy sales
And just fuck an leave D12 and this blunt 
We can't self destruct
I've never felt it this much
Come on fellas, get up
We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life

[Kon Artis]
I walk with a limp, pistol hangin off'a tha hip
I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fith
Your carcus is split even the beef is partially thick
We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit
You probaly wish that you could be out shootin them G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze
I can't believe you speaking on movin key's
But every time we hear you kick it 
The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets
I look wicked cause niggas will test your nut sack
So when they bust you better bust back 
And get your guts clapped outa your stomach
And when they want it (yeah)
I bring a hundred niggas from runave
So get your gun and if you comin

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come on an everybody come on an
Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on an
Cause we get it on an till the brick of dawn an
Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin
Cause we ain't leavin till 6 in tha mornin
So up an sing along with the words to the song an
If you don't know the words an you can't sing along an
Fake like you know em mother fuckers an join in
Everybody come on an
[Eminem Talking]

[Eminem] 
In my mind I'ma fighter, my heart's a lighter
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up
Arsenic writer, author with arthritis
Carpel tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis
Hard headed and hot headed, bull headed and pig headed
Dick headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick
Quick witted, for every lyric spitted there are 6 critics.
Who wait for me to slip with it, so quick
This dynamite stick buried the wick, it's gonna explode any minute
Some lunatic lit it and it's not Nelly
Do not tell me to stop yelling, when I stop selling I quit
So stop dwelling an I am not felling
You fuckers are not ready, cause I got jelly, like Beyonce's pot belly
This is Destiny, yes money I'm of running
So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening

[Chorus - 2Pac]
They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
and fuck the world til I'm gone, Constantly armed
They sendin armies out to bomb me, Constantly armed
The only DJ that can calm me is Constantly armed
my firepower keep me warm I'm Constantly armed
and fuck the world til I'm gone Bitches be warned

[Eminem 2x]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one can beat me. 

[2Pac]
Follow me tell me if you feel me 
I think niggaz is tryin to kill me 
Picturin pistols, spittin hollow points til they drill me 
Keepin it real, and even if I do conceal 
my criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin steel 
See niggaz is false, sittin in court, turned snitches 
that used to be real, but now they petrified bitches 
I'm tryin to be strong, my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world til I'm gone, Bitches be warned.
word is bonb, you'll get torn
I'm bustin on Guiliani, he rubbin my niggaz wrong 
And then it's on, before I leave picture me 
I'm spittin at punk bitches and hustlin to be free 
Watch me set it, niggaz don't want it, you can get it 
Bet it make these jealous niggaz mad I said it 
This Thug Life nigga, we don't cater to you hoes 
Fuck with me, have a hundred motherfuckers at yo' do', with fo

[Chorus]
Ooww
Ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for ..
In this corner : weighing 175 pounds,
with a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders,
the undisputed, most diabolic villain in the world :
Slim Shady!

Chorus: Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don’t act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto
O-oh o-oh, bitch3s hopping in my Tahoe
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves
Now where’s the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers?
I noticed there’s so many of them
and there’s really not that many of us.
Ladies love us and my posse’s kicking up dust.
It’s on till the break of dawn
and we’re starting this party from dusk

Ok .. let's go

Eminem
Back when Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk
Fix your must, youll just be another one bit the dust
Just one up my mothers son who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt. Lick from under cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
Its a must I redeem my name n haters get mushed.
Bitch3s lust. Man they love me when I lay in the cut.
Fist the cut. The lady give her eighty some paper cut.
Now picture us. Its ridiculous you curse at the thought
Cuz when I spit the verse the sh-t
gets worse and worse cuz your soft
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes
Its elementary. The elephants have entered the room.
I venture to say with the center of attention its true
Not to mention back with a vengeance so heres the signal
Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes.

Chorus: Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle.
Dont act like a snobby model.
You just hit the lotto.
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe .
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves
Now wheres the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers?
I noticed theres so many of them
and there's really not that many of us.
Ladies love us and my posses kicking up dust.
Its on till the break of dawn and were starting this party from dusk.

Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre

Dr Dre
They see that low rider go by there, like Oh my!
You aint got to tell me why youre sick cuz I know why.
I dip through in that six trey like sick em Dre.
Im an itch that they cant scratch, theyre sick of me.
But hey, what else can I say? I love LA.
Cuz over and above all, its just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends.
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again.
I'll be dammed, just f-cked around and crashed my Benz.
Driving around with a smashed front end
Lets cash that one in.
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Derado
The hell if I know.
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?
Decisions, decision
Garage looks like precision collision.
Or maico beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though

Chorus: Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle.
Dont act like a snobby model .
You just hit the lotto.
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe .
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves
Now wheres the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers?
I noticed theres so many of them
and theres really not that many of us.
Ladies love us and my posses kicking up dust.
Its on till the break of dawn and were starting this party from dusk.

And I take great pleasure in introducing: 50 Cent

50 Cent
It's bottle after bottle
The money aint a thang when you party with me
Its what we into its simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
Im the napalm the bomb the don im king kong
Get rolled on wrapped up and reigned on
Im so calm through vietnam ring the alarm
Bring the shaun dawn burn marajaun do what you want
Nigga on and on till the break of what
Get the paper man im caking you know i dont give a f-ck
I spend it like it dont mean nothing
Blow it like its suposed to be blown
Motherf-cker im grown
I stunt i style i flash the sh-t
I gets what the f-ck i want so what I trick
Fat as- burgandy bags classy sh-t jimmy cho shoes
I say move a bitch move

Chorus: Eminem
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle.
Dont act like a snobby model .
You just hit the lotto.
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe .
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves
Now wheres the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers?
I noticed theres so many of them
and there's really not that many of us.
Ladies love us and my posses kicking up dust.
Its on till the break of dawn and were starting this party from dusk
So what the fuck you tryin' to pull pigs
Cause my shit right here is clean Dig
Least I'm sellin to felons who don't know no better
Beat me down, pull me over when I'm drivin
I'm just a regular guy with a business that's thrivin
Cause it's hard to make it in this life
It's a world of heartache and pain
That's why I'm sellin crystal love to the people
That's why I'm sellin them crack cocaine

Chorus
Crack Cocaine, Crack Cocaine
Crack Cocaine, Crack Cocaine

Got my gat got my bitch got my shit on
Fuck the police man they always get my gig wrong
I ain't no criminal no thief and no liar
As a market man I'm just the supplier
I don't give a fuck how you get the cash to buy it
And if it's you first time it's free just to try it
Cause this here sugar is much sweeter than mary jane
This here bitch is the mother fucking crack cocaine

I want that Crack Cocainex8
Gimme some, Gimme some Crack Cocaine, yeah
[scratched sample] - "I'm the man!"

[Eminem]

I stand in, slapped by the way as i begin 
Do you know who I am? and may reply with a grin 
Yes, I'm tired of being (...)
Why should I be secluded, I got a brand new horn to be tooted 
To sum it up in a nutshell, "Eminem will you kick it for me?" 
So I find myself in a certain depligatory 
A place where I dwell in, (...) for some wonderful productions 
To make up for lost time, (...)
Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile 
A mental projectile, I aim like a reptile 
I look to the one handed (...) and ask him this 
"Why is it you insist upon stepping to an octopus?" 
Is there a reason for this? the hatred is aggravating 
How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading? 
Fading from existence, cause simulations are dead 
There's so much more to learn, it pays to step to be bad 
So put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor 
While i hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor 
words can weigh a ton 
Therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one 

[scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another..."

[Eminem]

There are few have made an attempt to put a foot on the other side
But I see no borderline, from under this colorblind
And some will probably never hold peices of the sacred
But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred
The world would never endure to arguing
Awaking to the abscence of unity is startling
"Oh foolish pride, what the hell is you tryin to do?
You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to"
The outcome we want tell me nothing (...) despicable
So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable
You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless and
You're dull it's time you faced this, here taste this
Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles
The date of my birth on the Earth, the deliverence of a starchild
Rest with formidable talent and versitility
But with such a power, there comes a responsibilty
To infridge on the boundaries, so now the defiance is clear
To form an alliance is something even the giants fear
So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin
Refuser abusin it's accepted now it's a trend

[scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another..."

[Eminem]

You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along
You hate me but you know me and what I stand for
No? so then why do you speak for me 
And every other white man when you that we're your enemy?

On the floor lies a broken door, cause I'm not to be spoken for
Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore
Rarely do you see the lighter side of me
I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry
But I've (...) apologies are exhausted
Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted
So who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted
Switch to the opposite, now see it being re-enacted
Pull up the (.....) quick,
These (...) we hate him, these (...) are past us, huh
Always fighting for the position of top dog
That spot's already occupied, and I don't play leapfrog
Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine
But I'm always having to proove myself, time after time
Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast
Judged from the past and he's put last
And (..) bluffing (...) with nothing to say, stutterin and slurrin
And mutterin words with no meaning, attack me side I'm like Danny Kane
Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin
And eat it like cheese, pass me the crackers please
I've got a craving

[scratched sample until end] - "I'm the man"
I tell myself that I was doin' all right
There's nothin' left to do tonight
But go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, ohhh

Can't you see what you do to me baby,
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick
You're truly the only one who can do this to me
You just make me get so crazy
I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic
One minute I wanna slit your throat the next I wanna sex
You make me crazy
The way we act like two maniacs in the sack
We fuck like two jack rabbits and maybe that's a bad habit
Cause the next day we right back at it
In the same exact pattern
What the fuck is the matter with us
We can't figure out if it's lust
Or if it's love which that is attractin us to eachother
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother
Which would explain why you're such a motherfuckin bitch
But I stay and still stick it out with you
Even though I just hit you today but you deserved it
You hit me first and provoked me to choke you
Just cause I came home late last night
Crawled in bed and I woke you
But if there's one thing about you that I admire
It's baby, because you stay with me
Maybe cause you're as crazy as I am
Cause when I look at you
I can see an angel in your eyes but if I look deeper inside
I see a freakish little side, like a devil in disguise
You're always full of surprises
Always pullin devices out your personal vibrators and dildos
You've fucked yourself so much you barely feel those anymore
You're only 24 but you're plenty more mature
Then those other little ho's who just act like little girls
Like they're in middle school still you're crazy, sexy, cool
Chillin' you play your position you never step out of line
Even though I stay in your buisness
You've always kept out of mine
I wonder what's on your mind
Sometimes they say love is blind
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye
You ain't see the sign
Or maybe you did maybe you like being shoved
baby cause we're crazy in love....

I go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, ohhh

You are the ink to my paper
What my pen is to my my pad
The moral, the very fiber
The whole substance to my rap
You are my reason for being
The meaning of my existance
If it wasn't for you I would never be able to spit this
As intense as I do, and the irony
Is you rely on me as much
As I rely on you to inspire me like you do
You provide me the lighter fluid to fuel in my fire
You're my entire supply of gas, the match and igniter
The only way that I'm able to stay so stable
Is you're the legs to my table,
If you were to break I'd fall on my face
But I'm always gonna make you feel
I don't need you as much as I really need you
So you don't use it to your advantage
But you're essential to me
You're the air I breathe
I believe if you ever leave me
I'd probaly have no reason to be
You are the Kim to my Marshall
You're the Slim to my Shady
The Dre to my Eminem
The Alaina to my Hailie
You are the word that I'm lookin for
When I'm tryin to describe how I feel inside
And the right one just won't come to my mind
You're like the pillar that props me up
The beam that supports me
The bitch who never took half
The wife who never divorced me
You're like the root to my evil
You let my devil come out me
You let me beat the shit out you before you beat the shit out me
And no matter how much too much is never enough
Baby cause we're crazy in love...

I go crazy on you
Crazy on you
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, ohhh
[Eminem]
A lot of people ask me.. stupid fuckin questions
A lot of people think that.. what I say on records
or what I talk about on a record, that I actually do in real life
or that I believe in it
Or if I say that, I wanna kill somebody, that..
I'm actually gonna do it
or that I believe in it
Well, shit.. if you believe that
then I'll kill you
You know why?
Cuz I'm a

CRIMINAL
CRIMINAL
You god damn right
I'm a CRIMINAL
Yeah, I'm a CRIMINAL

[Eminem]
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head
whether you're a fag or lez
Or the homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress - hate fags? The answer's "yes"
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Starin at my jeans, watchin my genitals bulgin (Ooh!)
That's my motherfuckin balls, you'd better let go of em
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of em
Hey, it's me, Versace
Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checkin the mail
Get it? Checkin the 'male'?
How many records you expectin to sell
after your second LP sends you directly to jail?
C'mon!-- Relax guy, I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an amen (AAA-men!)
Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital
Preacher preacher, fifth grade teacher
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing cause
I watch TV, and Comcast cable
and you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from toppin these charts
And you can't stop me from droppin each March
with a brand new cd for these fuckin retards
Duhhh, and to think, it's just little ol' me
Mr. "Don't Give A Fuck," still won't leave

[Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X)]

I'm a CRIMINAL
Cuz every time I write a rhyme, these people think it's a crime
to tell em what's on my mind - I guess I'm a CRIMINAL
but I don't gotta say a word, I just flip em the bird
and keep goin, I don't take shit from no one

[Eminem]
My mother did drugs - tar, liquor, cigarettes, and speed
The baby came out - disfigured, ligaments indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby cause that baby was me
I'm a CRIMINAL - an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you sposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drink malt liquor to fuck you up quicker
than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin the word nigga
My morals went thhbbpp when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk
Off of his own employee
Now don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
You can't miss me, I'm white, blonde-haired
and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
in plane crashes and laughs
As long as it ain't happened to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em
-inem and Kim combined - [*kch*] the maniac's in
Replacin the doctor cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin his place
(Mm-mm-mmm!) Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a CRIMINAL

[Interlude Skit]
Aight look (uh huh) just go up in that motherfucker
get the motherfuckin money and get the fuck up outta there
[Em] Aight
I'll be right here waitin on you
[Em] Aight
Yo Em
[Em] What?!
Don't kill nobody this time
[Em] Awwright... god damn, fuck...
(whistling) how you doin'?
[Teller] HI, how can I help you?
[Eminem] Yeah I need to make a withdrawl
[Teller] Okay
[Eminem] Put the fuckin money in the bag bitch
and I won't kill you!
[Teller] What? Oh my god, don't kill me
[Eminem] I'm not gonna kill you bitch, quit lookin around...
[Teller] Don't kill me, please don't kill me...
[Eminem] I said I'm not gonna fuckin kill you
Hurry the fuck up! [*BOOM*] Thank you!

[Eminem]
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it
I'll hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die, bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet [*dog whines*]
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
tuck my dick inbetween my legs and cluck
You motherfuckin chickens ain't brave enough
to say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut [*tape unrolls*]
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fuckin rapist in a Jason mask

[Chorus 2X]
[Intro: Obie Trice]
O-MIX (cry)
Back nigga (dry ya face nigga)
"Second Round's on Me" (get it together)
Kuniva, Ca$his (I ain't goin nowhere)
Stat Quo, Bobby Creekwater (O. Trice)
WHAT!

[Obie Trice]
Niggaz didn't kill me, now a nigga's gone
Can't, peel my cap back, I'm never at home
I'm somewhere, with my shaft restin' on a hoe's tongue
Sippin Dom Perignon while she sippin' up them newborns
Yeah, bet ya hate the news holmes
He probably somewhere, sippin' on a stoop, huh?
Sippin' on a brew, plottin' to pop me later huh?
When will a hater learn I'm too great on a song
I push weight on the corner, send weight to the coroner
When courage make him turn performer
I transform into Uma Thurman, a dude's version
Verses lettin' a 'perfluous nigga with no purpose
Continue to walk this earth's surface
I was birthed in hip-hop, branch out my services
Yet, you tried to murder this nigga that's comin'
from the same turf as yas, what nerve have yas
Pissed cause your hustles ain't worth a shit
I'm gettin' rich, I'm on my way to Hugh Hefner's, dig?
With a bitch you in the trenches tryin' to reach it big
On another rapper's dick who won't represent where you live
Know you're annoyed but don't make the mistake
I'm state to state in that Honda nigga, not an Accord
I'm in that Honda G4 you would never afford
And yep, it's probably E's when a nigga is onboard

[Chorus: Obie Trice]
(Cry now) Cry now
(Cry now) Cry now
(Cry now) Cry now
(Cry now) Nigga cry now

[Kuniva]
I'll be damned if I let a nigga lay his hands on me
I'll lay his ass out and park a Grand Am on him
The city where the weak survive and the strong die
Where beef collide, shootouts happen and hit the wrong guy
I done seen the worst of the worst - and what can be worse
than a verse about bullets dispersed up in your shirt
The streets is like a curse, niggaz frontin' for a bitch
It's like you beggin' to die, like bear huntin' with a switch
A part of my heart is gone, I can never smile the same
Trigger finger is itchy, it'll take a while to tame
Detroit is hella Dirty, but the Dozen can fix it
Resist and a biscuit will exceed the distance
And bounce off one's home, hit and ricochet
Off a kid's trombone right to where you niggaz lay
Obie can tell you that death is just a few inches away
Y'all shed tears but you can get your feel of it today

(Cry now, cry now, cry now, cry now)

[Bobby Creekwater]
Yo, Obie, they gonna fuck with us this time nigga
Uh, Bobby Creek, nigga

Laugh now, cry never, my beretta is a body part
Hit 'em with just enough shots to make his body hard
Now I feel like we even
See Creek is here to shine a light on you niggaz this evenin'
Soon as I get my call I'm right on them zeros, I'm leavin'
Load up a clip and make it dark on them heroes I'm cheesin'
Shit they got snitches on the clock, gotta watch what I sayin'
Me buy a bitch a couple rocks and a watch? Quit playin'
Back on my grizzy, my nizzy, nobody ran with me
And for them fuckin' spectators I brought the band with me
Halftime niggaz, and grab pine, you would never grab mine nigga
The doc was lyin' when he said you gon' be fine nigga

[Eminem] Ca$his!

[Ca$his]
Witness the art of war, in the physical
Since raw coke was rushed through my umbilical
And no words from Ca$h mouth is fiction
Ready with dope clips, I'm never dissin' you
My aura of war is raw to the core and the surface
of the street, when I walk through the door, my purpose
is to move up, pull tools, you purp'in
Watch me overthrow the government with my determin'
Plot of Bin Laden, soul of Mumia
I'm prayin' to Proof, I'm "Searching for Jerry Garcia"
Talk to my brother, gone in the streets of the D
I'm totin' the K, at hawk niggaz waitin' on me
You take the first shot then, "Second Round's on Me"
And when you walk on the other side, me and my brother ride
I don't rap for the plaques
My contract's signed just for scraps to get you wacked nigga
With a gun, with a shank, with a bat
Take a slug through the lung, get it right, what, you wack nigga?
I'm born crazed, deranged and more famous
Clappin' down bangers is meant for entertainment, geah

[Chorus]
Cry now...

[Stat Quo]
Young Stat keep the gat on tuck
Want war, I don't give a fuck
Shot 'til you kiss, pucker up
It'll lift him up, believe me you'll flow
The result is your family heartbroke
Lookin' like an artichoke, vegetable, hold stiff
Nigga paralyzed from the neck down, my goons stick niggaz
Turn soldiers to stick figures, hand on triggers
Real life, born killers, we roll out like four-wheelers
God shield us from back-stabbers and gold diggers
Tipsy off brown liquor, watch me
Obnoxious, broads call me cocky
Poppy long dick Stat beat up the box like hockey
Especially when a bitch ride dick like jockeys
From the Benz, to the Range, to the black jalopy
I'm the shit, the only one who ain't heard is Foxy
Formalize the plan, no man can stop me
Boss hog, Stat Quo understand, you COPY?
You COPY?

[Chorus]
Cry now...
[Girl]
Hmm-hmm-hmhmhmmhm.. ahhh, whooooo!! Shit
[Em]
Yo, mic check
Testing one, two, um... twelve
(whattup whattup whattup.. Outsidaz)
[Em]
This is my dance song (Outsidaz)
Can you hear me?
(Rah Digga, Pacewon, Young Zee)
[Em]
Aight, ay turn my headphones up
(bust it bust it)

[Eminem]
My favoite color is red, like the blood shed
from Kurt Cobain's head, when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin at my shishkabob
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(I can't stand white people!)
You thought I was livid, now I'm even more so
Shit I got full blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe {*wolf whistle*}
I'm in the fourth row, signin autographs at your show
(Yo can you sign this right here?)
I just remembered that I'm absent minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin every verse that I spit
cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (umm, one two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
and gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You wanna get high, here bitch just sniff this

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight (8X)

[Eminem]
Yo.. yo yo yo yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck
and I was wavin it at everybody screamin, "I suck" (I SUCK!!!)
I go on stage in front of a sellout crowd
and yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin it up y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem this is your record release party!)
I'm bored out of my gourd -- so I took a hammer
and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick sick bastard
who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all)
One Excederin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage
(ohhhhhhh) And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight (8X)

[Eminem]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin Beastie Boy {*wolf whistle*}
So I told em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee I don't know, he might be!"
I told em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert
I'll be standin by the Loch Ness Monster (okay) peace out (bye!!)"
Then I jetted to the weed house
Smoked out til I started bustin freestyles
Broke out then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick (*slurping*}
Made a couple of crank calls collect [*brrrrrrring, click*]
"Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I wanna make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

Cum on everybody -- get down tonight (20X)
Ken Kanif]
*Ken walks to the mic*
Uhhh nmm *taps mic*
This thing on..?
Where'd everybody go?
Uhh..
Guess whos back?
Back again
Ken is back
Tell some men
Rub my back
Rub my back
Rub my back
Rub my back...
Oooh..
Wait
Hello?
Uhh..
Goodbye
Still on?
Yo, is the mic on?
Check, check, check
Alright, let's do it
Let's go, come on
(Eminem, Eminem, Eminem)
[Chorus]
I don't wanna be alone, I don't wanna be
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

[Verse 1]
Here I am, alone again
Can't get out of this hole I'm in
It's like the walls are closin' in
You can't help me, no one can
I can feel these curtains closin'
I go to open 'em
But something pulls 'em closed again
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
Feels like I'm loathing in Las Vegas
Haven't got the vaguest why I'm so lost
But I'd make you this small wager
If I bet you I'll be in tomorrow's paper
Who would the odds favor?
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
I'm so much like my father, you would think that I knew him
I keep pacin' this room, Valium and chase it with booze
One little taste, it'll do
Maybe I'll take it and snooze, then tear up the stage in a few
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
Fuck the Colt 45, I'ma need somethin' stronger
If I pop any caps, it better be off of vodka
Round after round after round, I'm gettin' loaded (Haha)
That's a lot of shots, huh? (Double entendre)
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

[Chorus]
And I don't wanna be alone in the darkness (Yeah)
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

[Verse 2]
Now I'm starin' at the room service menu off a Benzo
I can hear the music continue to crescendo
I can see the whole fuckin' venue from my window
That's when you know you're schizo
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
'Cause I keep peakin' out the curtain from the hotel
The music is so loud, but it's almost as though
I don't hear no sound, I should get ready for the show now
Wait is this the whole crowd? I thought this shit was sold out
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
But it's only the opening act, it's early, don't overreact
Then something told me relax and just hope for the show to be packed
Don't wanna hit the stage before they fill each row to the max
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
'Cause that'd be totally wacked, you can't murder a show nobody's at
But what if nobody shows? Panic mode 'bout to snap and go motherfuckin' wacko at any second
'Bout to cancel the show, just as fans below rush the entrance
Plan is a go to wreck shit, cameras in all directions
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
The press is about to go ape shit bananas on all the networks
Commando with extra clips, I got ammo for all the hecklers
I'm armed to the teeth, another valium fall off the bed
Hit the ground and crawl to the dresser
Alcohol on my breath as I reach for the scope
I'm blackin' out, I'm all out of meds
With them benzodiazepines gone
Now it's just magazines sprawled out on the floor
Fuck the media, I'm goin' all out, this is war
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

[Chorus]
And I don't wanna be alone in the darkness (Yeah)
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

[Verse 3]
People start to show up, time to start the show up
It's 10:05 PM and the curtain starts to go up
And I'm already sweatin' but I'm locked and loaded
For rapid fire spittin' for all the concert-goers
Scopes for sniper vision, surprise from out of nowhere
As I slide the clip in from inside the hotel
Leanin' out the window, going Keyser Söze
Finger on the trigger, but I'm a licensed owner
With no prior convictions, so loss, the sky's the limit
So my supplies infinite, strapped like I'm a soldier
Got 'em hopping over walls and climbing fences
Some of them John Travolta, staying alive by inches
(Hello darkness, my old friend)
Cops are knockin', oh, fuck, thought I blocked the entrance
Guess show time is over
No suicide note, just a note for target distance
But if you'd like to know the reason why I did this
You'll never find a motive, truth is I have no idea
I am just as stumped, no signs of mental illness
Just tryin' to show ya the reason why we're so fucked
'Cause by the time it's over, won't make the slightest difference
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

[Chorus]
And I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness
I don't wanna be alone in the darkness anymore
(Hello darkness, my old friend)

[Outro]
WOMAN: Yeah, we do have some breaking news from the Associated Press right now, just gonna bring that up because we are hearing we have told you that the shooter is dead and we have just learned that police are saying that the Las Vegas shooter killed himself
MAN: That is the bartender there at Mandalay Bay and I believe we're going to hear more
WOMAN: Yeah, we just wanted to share that with you, you can see behind me here, this is what he looks like, now we did just tell you that police just earlier, Metro was telling us that he killed himself inside the hotel room
[Puff] Bad Boy baby
[Big] Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
[Puff] Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..

[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
Take her Gucci bag and the North FaceÂ 
Off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
Much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"

[Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"

[Puff] Ladies and gentlemen..

[Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
Human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket
And baby I'm just, dyin to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
Then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong

[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"

[Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong

[Puff Daddy]
Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop
(intro)
Man:
D.M.C we have a mid 30s male 
found down unresponsive 
possible over dose 
substance unknown 
pulse is 60 and thready
respirations 8 hes intubated
and we're bagging him now
uuh B.P 90 over palp
patient cool pale and diaphoretic 
has aspirated 
uuh G.S.C is 3
we'll update enroute
E.T.A 10 minutes

( Verse1 )

As I fall deeper into a manic state,
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait.
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate,
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate.
Start off with the NyQuil like 'I think I'll just have a taste'.
Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate,
to a harder prescription drug called Valium like yeah that's great.
I go to take just one and I end up like having eight. 
Now I need something in my stomach cuz I haven't ate.
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak.
And you'd think that with all I have at stake,
Look at my daughters face...
'Mommy somethings is wrong with dad I think!
He's acting weird again, he's really beginning to scare me.
Wont shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me.
And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos,
and he just fell asleep in his car eating three musketeers in the rear seat'.

(Chorus Begin)
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know, feels like I been down this road before.
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me,
soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like Deja Vu, I wanna get away from this place I do,
but I can't and I wont say I tried but I know that's a lie cuz I don't,
and why I just don't know..... 
(Chorus End)

( Verse2 )
Maybe just a nice cold brew, what's a beer?
That's the devil in my ear I been sober a fuckin' year.
And that fucker still talks to me, he's all I can fuckin hear,
'Marshall come on we'll watch the game it's the Cowboys and Buccaneers'.
And maybe if I just drink half I'll be half buzzed for half of the time.
Who's that mastermind behind that little line?
With that kind of rational man I got half a mind,
to have another half of glass of wine sounds asinine, yeah I know.
But I never had no problem with alcohol.
Ouch look out for the wall aim for the couch I'm about to fall.
I missed the couch and down I go looking like a bouncing ball.
Shit must have knocked me out cuz I didn't feel the ground at all
Wow what the fuck happened last night? Where am I?
Man, fuck am I hungover, and god damn i got a head ache. 
Shit half a vicodin why cant I? 
'All systems ready for take off please stand by'.

(Chorus Begin)
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know, feels like I been down this road before.
So lonely and cold, It's like something takes over me,
soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like Dï¿½jï¿½ Vu, I wanna get away from this place I do,
but I cant and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cuz I don't,
and why I just don't know..... 
(Chorus End)

( Verse3 )
So I take a Vicodin splash it hits my stomach and ahh. 
A couple weeks go by it aint even like im getting high.
Now I need it just not to feel sick, yeah im getting by.
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if DeShaun didn't die.
Oh ya there's an excuse you lose Proof so you use.
There's new rules it's cool if it's helping you to get through.
It's twelve noon aint no harm in self inducing a snooze.
What else is new? Fuck it what would Elvis do in your shoes?
Now here I am three months later, full blown relapse,
'Just get high until the kids get home from school holmes, relax'.
And since im convinced that I'm insomniac,
I need these pills to be able to sleep, so I take three naps, 
just to be able to function throughout the day let's see 
that's an Ambien each nap, how many Valium? Three.
And that will average out to about one good hours sleep.
Ok so now you see the reason how come he
has taken four years just too put out an album B. 
See me and you we almost had the same outcome Heath,
cuz that Christmas you know the Pneumonia thing?
It was bologna, was it the Methadone ya think?
Or the Hydrocodone, you hide inside your pornos? 
Your VCR tape cases with your Ambien CR, great places to hide ain't it?
So you can lie to Haley, I'm going beddy bye Whitney baby good night Elaina.
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door and wake up in an ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor, damn!


(Chorus Begin)
Sometimes I feel so alone,
I just don't know, feels like I been down this road before.
So lonely and cold, It's like something takes over me,
soon as I go home and close the door.
Kinda feels like Dï¿½jï¿½ Vu, I wanna get away from this place I do,
but I cant and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cuz i don't,
and why I just don't know..... 
(Chorus End)
Yo, alright, yo
I'm possessed by evil demons that torture me while I'm sleeping
I keep dreaming of death and I'm hearing people screaming
The devil's spirit's trapped inside me and I want it out
I'm on the couch bleeding to death in a haunted house
With both of my wrists slit, I'm lifted up in the air
And suspended in animation like someone's holding me there
I feel somebody's cold hands wrapping around my neck
While I choke on my own blood that I swallow and drown to death
But I found a breath and somehow managed to slip the clutches
Nearly blacking out from dizziness and head rushes
Tripping over OD'd bodies of dead lushes
Bloodstains paint the plush carpet like red blushes
Door's open and close by themselves, books fly off shelves
Curtains catch fire, the house melts
My skin blisters and sticks together like twin sisters
The wind blows and shatters windows like ten twisters
Caught a piece of shrapnel in the Adam's apple
Two cups of holy water and I'm looking at 'em half full
But as soon as I go to touch 'em they turn into red rum
It got silent, then all these voices said
"Come follow me into the pits of Hell"
I heard 'em yell "Welcome to the Norman Bates Motel!"
I ring the bell for service and I was greeted by his mother
Covered in dry blood, head still dented from the shovel
I said I need a room so I could try to get some rest
She gave me the keys to the best suite and a bag of cess
And told me that's just for starters, Satan'll be in to see me later
To see if I'm interested in being partners
[Proof] 
Yo,(AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA) ay yo turn the heads and the mics up 
We got the Dreadknaughts, you know what I'm sayin (AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA)
Super MC, you know what I mean 
Bugz (AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA), Dirty and all that, all that shit 
You know what I'm sayin, Desperados with the cars, Eminem 
[Eminem] 
Chauvinist pig, drove in this Big Lincoln 
Till it went over the bridge 
Jumped out and dove in the ditch 
Broke in a mobile home and stole a stove and fridge 
Kidnapped the parents and left the ransom note for the kids 
I'ma go for your mids 
Here's a body blow for your ribs 
While you're clutching your stomach and bleeding all over your bitch 
I know where you live, your girl showed me your crib 
Unless she told me a fib 
Then I'm gonna have both of ya get did
Burning incense, facing a murder sentence 
Under intent, for investigation for killing infants 
While I sit in padded rooms doing 'shrooms 
Having visions of dead pregnant women with brooms jabbed in their wombs 
Slit your carpet and rugs, and fuck your apartment up 
Sticking up all the drugs, and jumping in garbage trucks 
I'm from the shitty slums that look like the city dumps 
Give you a kidney punch, and mug you to get me lunch 
See me every summer, layin up against the dumpster 
With a one hundred dollar jumper, smothered in southern comfort 
Got my Slim Shady sticker on your mother's bumper 
She came home screamin a bunch of motherfuckers jumped her... 

[Proof] 
Ay yo 
Proceed to list em, there's no need to diss em 
The Herry Heathen, destroy your whole breathing system 
Twist em like beer caps, who wants to hear that 
Rap, murder rates, and I snap vertebrates 
Collapse further states, my track preserve tha grave
Your pack deserve a crate, in fact the word is fake 
i'll kill you slow like AID's infested nuts
I'm holding vendetta like seven great-molested sluts 
Calling me your bitch nigga? you need to stop 
Reality, one on one how many times you got dropped 
I'm cut throat when any track runs, conscious when i smack nuns 
It's the rough neck that makes Muslims run and pack guns 
I'm volcanic (VOLCANIC!), the sermon preacher 
Burning MC's most wanted by Herman Kefa 
You tried to get a squad, they was like "money? oh no!"
Leavin you brain dead, hittin trees with Sonny Bono 
I kick without a dojo, D-12 slow flow 
Shoot down your mother ship and pimp smack mojo (*smack* yea!)
No pro wanna go knuckle blades with the renegade 
Nigga tried to go pop, and plus they minute made 
My lieutenant sprayed your brigade, and trampled your flow 
Big P, the reason MC's canceled their shows 
The truth will hurt, see Proof will work your shame in it 
The best part of your show is when you put my name in it 
My squad be, godly, fearin shit hardly 
So I hope when I'ma die, I dope like Chris Farley 
Fuck that 

[Bugz] 
Who run shit, watch these drums hit 
You dove head first into some old dumb shit 
Here's a can of ass whip, for you to come get 
Your clique made their trip, I made them hoes submit 
Ask your girl, she knows the scoop "don't fuck with Bugz bitch" 
I'll chop off her titti, have you sucking one tit 
Them pink belly niggas is who you run with 

Making half ass songs, shitty snares and one kick 
I hate your damn sound, don't like it one bit 
You can make a double album, won't have one hit 
Your entire outfit is on some bullshit 
And there's not a damn one that I can't out-wit 
I admit, that my style is unfit 
For mamma's baby boy because I'm on some dumb shit 
Like I commit arsony, get harm quick 
You pull the alarm switch, I'll stab you in your armpit (BITCH!)
Now who the nit-wit wanna come get with 
This egotistic, hip-hop fundamental-istic 
Don't risk it, you'll get your shit split 
Now keep your distance, and keep existence 
I'm persistent when it comes to bent shit 
I smoked a blunt with my judge before my sentence 
I'm relentless to deny you're senseless 
Yo bitch! pay my bill that's where the hell your rent went 
Fuck that 

[Almighty Dreadknaughts] 
I killed competition, with no way out as an opposition 
Execute the passengers on the flight by executive decision 
Then reminisce on how shady the business 
Terrorists axed by Israelis when they visit 
Bombed in the senate 
World war 3 in the making, murdered the exhibition team finish 
Beat the ref senseless 
No timeout extended play papers over your intermission 
And increasing the battlefield with the blood of Christians 
Cryin for the messiah, but he don't listen 
I pop my wig when I top the stove frame boil sizzling 
A pyromaniac cook, I do damage to kitchens 
Fuck Home Depot, I demolition 
When I home improve, I'll be there to fix it 
For my school is supervision, for down finical aid smoked up my intuition *inhales* *COUGHS*
Only hang out with rappers with explicit lyrics 
And pistol grip punks with a beef, bitch do you wanna get eaten?? 

[Almighty Dreadknaughts] 
I got a mind full of troubles 
Everythings in doubles 
I buy my guns in couples 
No time to replace fumbles 
Cause MC's come and MC's go, we both flow 
Injured from head to toe 
No fit a model, we full throttle 
You stuck in low, incapable to master flow 
Everything is tactical, living mathematical 
Watch master flow, unleash and let go 
I shit like lava, original designer, married to marijuana since a minor 
Making it a chance to see my battleship could get you wet like fibs, what 
Applying death-defying feats, maintain to keep my peace 
Flow like to see, when I release these beats over concrete 

[Almighty Dreadknaughts] 
My presidental transitions has taken place 
As I spread vocally on the M-I-CR-O 
Power he's cyphin not equality, I deal unless the
the track and made it real, I know my people feel it 
Keep their heads bobbin, and the emotional sobbin 
Plus a cultural cipher after show, hoes slobbin 
Knobs, love the fuckin flavor of the icing 
Plus I'm precision, my double edge continue slicin..
[Verse 1: Eminem]

Girl you gimme writers block
I'm at a loss for words
My minds as lost as yours
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
Never seen no ass as large as yours, how much that cost?
That's what I call the cost to splurge
You drive me bonkers I’m about to get my swerve on for sure
Thought I was pimpin until I felt like Nas, the first date
Because I think I gave you power when I gave you flowers in a vase
A box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and Certs
Probably should of never let me call that job of yours
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
Should of been one of the first signs to cause to learn
Man we jumped in too fast, cause since then I can't be apart from her
Cause nobodies body's awesomer - I lust it, and she loves me 
Cause I'm popular, but...

[Hook: Jamie N Commons]

You know this ain't love
Oh, no, you know this ain't love
You know this ain't love
No, this ain't love
(What is it then?) It's desperation

She's lookin for Mr. Right, wants me to be that guy to her
(It's desperation)
I can't even put up a fight, cause I give in at the sight of her
(And here I go again)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You were obviously oblivious to me, I swore I was just invisible to you 
Til I went to the lengths I did to meet you
Cause you played so hard to get with me from the beginning
Now I'm in disbelief I, never knew that this could be such misery
Cause now you see nothin but me, and I don't see nothin but you
And I'm about to flip cause we are super glued in
We stuck to each others hips and we can't do anything individually
Which is to cling on, scared to be alone,
Can't, specifically to describe it I just can't seem to give a reason 
This definitive, just need you, talkin bout "I live and breathe you"
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically addicted to me
As Wiz Khalifa is to reefer
Don't wanna be without you, don't wanna be with you neither, bitch
Put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek, cause this ain't...

[Hook]


[verse 3: Eminem]

Just want you to myself, don't wanna share you with no one else
What the fuck you whispering for? 
You get on my nerves, you make me sick
I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the games behind
Your frame of mind ain't the same as mine, I think
You need to finish developing a little more mentally too, 
Get the picture
That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the Keys up
To the crib, ever again, no VISA not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's
You better have an epiphany, slut, guess what? The lease up
I'm just mad the time it took to discover
You been using me for loot like I used you for looks
Thought you was too good for me, huh? 
Toots, used to be my Carrie Underwood, I was your lumberjack
But I can't stomach this, I'm leavin you, not comin back
She said "The fuck with that
Where's my Louisville Slugger at?"
She grabbed that fuckin bat and swung it at my head
I barely ducked and that's right when she came up with a kick to the nuts twice
Steel toe, girl probably coulda put a 100 yard field goal, through the uprights

[Hook]
I come around like what goes around, what goes up must come down
Anyone who comes up must go down, might as well go for the gusto now
Better not let up, better not let them breathe, last shot, give it all you got
Try to turn me down, bitch, get fucked with a volume knob, fuck all you snobs
Hoes, I hope all you rot, two bottles of Lubriderm and a box of condoms
Is that all you brought? And you want a ménage à trois, you twats?
Fuck that, I'd rather turn this club to a bar-room brawl
Get rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall
Like a leech stuck in a vacuum y'all, ain't nothing but a whole lot of sucking
Going on in rap, yeah but I'm home, bad to the bone
Back in the zone, let him alone, you don't want to go eggin' him on
It'll never be my chair that you own, crown so tight that it cuts off
Circulation to the brain, no oxygen, other words, there's no heir to the throne
When I die so does hip-hop, Hitchcock of the shit bitch ask Doc
Doc got it ziplocked in a bag, you fags ain't been able to fade me
Since Kid Rock had a high top, keep bloggin' while I mind-boggle
And I zone like I'm in the twilight, dog, get off my bone
This is my mic, doggonit; I like hoggin' it
Flow's so wet I'mma take this beat tobogganin', I'm waterloggin' it
I'm soggin' it, pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it
Suplexing it on cement like I'm on some "Straight Outta Compton" shit
Take this dick and chomp on it, I'm so bad I can bitch-slap
A back-handed compliment, jackass, eat a donkey dick
The game I just about conquered it, like Donkey Kong, I'm bonkers, bitch
I'm the king of this honkey shit, I reign supreme in this honkey shit
No sense screaming and arguing, makes no difference
Whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamer's the car you in
You think you ball? Well, I palm it, I throw up bombs when I vomit
Boy, I throw down in the kitchen might hit your mom with my omelette
But you got egg on your face, now watch me drop an atomic
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze
Bitch, I'm as batshit as Ozzy, it's obvious, you can tell right off the bat
No pun intended, but come any closer, I'll bite off your head
Tryna give me the finger's kinda like giving a spider the web
I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage
I'll catch a fly in that bitch, you think you fly, you just food
I give as much of a flying fuck as that Superman dude
Guess I just do what you can't do and make you look stupid and bamboozled
Confused as usual and you can get whipped, she can open a can too
But you better hope you can handle the heat or stay the fuck
Outta Hell's kitchen, I came to cock block like a square
Fucking male chicken, yeah, it's Shady, slut; the rest
Can suck on a big one, cause I'm as despicable as Daffy Duck when I'm spittin'
ft D12


Wuh
The bad..., the evil, the bad the evil.

Yo if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for wrist's I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shrooms I'd have nothing to chew
Im just fucking wit chu cause' I got nothing to do

[ Emienm ]

I came in the diner with skateboarders, placed orders, ate orderves,
and hit the waiter with plate warmers. Let you inhale the glock smell when im
ripping you wallet off, slippin the molatoff in your cocktail. Burning your
contracts, punch your acheing arm in the face messes his glasses and turned then to
contacts, your mothers so shit, if It's missin I took it, nurse look at this
straight jacket It's crooked!I go to jail and murder you from the cell, put a
knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail. So how do you
describe someone with a dicapitated head when the rest of his bodys
still alive runnin.

[ D 12 ]

Comming with 5 gun men waiting to do a drive bye
so when u see the black 500 hide from it
for every hundred mc's rhyming about birds only
about two thirds are really saying it without words
yo you aint a thug i can make u bitch up
pick the 5th up cock spit you swear u aint afraid of slugs
im the hottest shit in the industry, i got every thug on the block
to get a wind of me defending me
you lack class of respect get a derect back blast
the bad and evil bad rap i cover the bad half
u know how thuggin this shit will end up spin around lift ur chin up
u get hit ten down and ten up i take it if u run ur mouth u wanna get sent up
heat it up ull be licking blood and spittin flem up now we rivles cause of a
small name and title u step got devile and a flower in a rifle

Yo if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for wrist's I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shooms I'd have nothing to chew
Im just fucking wit chu cause' I got nothing to do (repeat)

[Eminem]

Forget a chorus my metephors are so complicated it takes 6 minutes
to get an applose and by the time u all catch on im an intercarrer
and walk away with the whole floors so u have nothing to fall back on
throw u off of ten floors pull the fucking headach outta my head put it in urs
im indoors waiting for desastors to seep in my skin pours
go outdoors and do some instores this bitch wanted to blow me
i said i thought it happend swallow my tounge bitch ( no but i gotta napkin)
gettin skully when im outographing got my daughter laughing cuz i sent her mother
white water rafting im not a fact im a proven fear Mr.Rogers blocking my new wall
screaming (u aint moving here) the rain of bobing come here u want a suveneer?
how about i havnt fucked since i was a juvenear, juvinile, same difference i need some
kegs cuz i aint siffin i woke up to 7 slaving infants brian implants and they say
thers a slim chance i wont stay the same because i traded brains with a chimpanzee

[D12]

Walking in this swop bar with the M16 offored the blood
shove a gun in the mouth of a thug to break braces u said grace
and make faces i was playa haten break you in 8 places
take paces turn around draw in a stand off size 8 ice in my fame
blowing your hand off dancing with the devil leaving i aint dieing
im never leaving i pledge to leave just to ever breathing
street niggas well guess what? im meats bigger! fake ass thugs with
toy guns a cheap triggers with a death wish thinking im the nigga to mess with
lets attack lit the reck chest hit melt your neckless
for instance you just a hedgemen on tough soil Affolloan never had
heart he just loyal, thugs in glass doors i see threw em put the heat to em
be careful you might get what u asked for!

Yo if it wasn't for your whip I'd have nothing to strip
If it wasn't for wrist's I'd have nothing to slit
If it wasn't for the shooms I'd have nothing to chew
Im just fucking wit chu cause' I got nothing to do (repeat)

The bad.... the evil... the bad.... the evil
[Hook: Dej Loaf]
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that static
I swear I love my city, I just want a little static
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that static
Detroit vs. Everybody

[Verse: Royce Da 5'9"]
I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree
All these females need to email to make noise
And I think its changin' a lot, he fuck with my authority
Then he shall see shells, but not by the seashore
If he gangbangin' or not
It's simple as the alphabet
He F with me, that G shall surely see
He definitely is 'bout it, it's retail fraud, he's weak
The honest gesture
The trigger finger 'round the diamond tester, we tail flaw with heat
The same soldier, it's me, myself and I
Ridin' 'round shootin' my biopic and my autobiography
Range Rover, this ain't the squash beef state
You thinkin' makeup, we thinkin' Lark Voorhies face
This twin Eagle's an [?] coupe, might as well ride by in an ambulance
My parachute like skydivin' in Hammer pants
So call it siblin' rivalry
Take his life, call it the unforgivable robbery
A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like
Lettin' somebody just live inside of your head rent free
Real talk, I don't got time to evict these clowns
Y'all niggas been bitches, that's none of my business, but I don't sip tea
(That's Neckle) Ride around his block
All he knows is pitfalls, that's why he's always climbin' out his drop
(I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die?
Welcome to Detroit, mothafucka

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Boy I need no halves and halves, I want the game in entirety
100 percent cut, no stitches required
Welcome to Detroit where if you get that promotion
Don't worry, man them bullets will still be at your ass firin'
I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpirin'
Boy I hit the beat I just treat that shit like a diary
I'm offended if you hear my new shit and you ain't rewindin' me
Self made, I never needed your bail or a wire, see
I'm never callin' collect, I call to collect
My homie wanted a Chevy so I put my dog in the vet
Plus I'm so loyal that that paper, boy, is all that I fetch
Got the ball in my hand and the ball in the net
Bitch I'm the D, can't no offense dunk on me
I'm Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me
I'm overrespected, my mama gated community's overprotected
So futuristic, I'm already over my next bitch
Reminiscin' on listenin' to 50 50 times a day
Back when 10th grade was like 50 days away
Tryna get paid 50 ways a day
Used to put 50 on the layaway, now my closet 50 shades of grey
26 and I done lived a lifetime a few times
From futons to Grey Poupons
In church tryna get a little savings, yeah coupons
I spit that A1 every day, I'm hittin' new primes
Now the stakes high, niggas surprised at the new lines
Or takin' down my number like "you still ain't got a new line?"
Nah it's the same, we've been laborin' for years
I know it took way longer than 9 months, but fuck it, it's all in due time
I turned a blunt to a roach with dreams of bein' a Beatle though
Don't want to, I need to,gotta learn to keep it cerebral
When you come up in a place where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful
This is just part 1, wait 'til the sequel

[Hook: Dej Loaf]

[Verse 3: Danny Brown]
Comin' from them streets where they thirsty, starvin' to eat
Just a step away from felon, that's why they call it the D
Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty
Honestly no honor roll, but honor up in them streets
Cause I'm a Lynwood nigga, them young niggas hit ya
Put a stack on your head, you'll bleed a lake on Grand River
And to think your hood harder then I might beg to differ
Know some killers pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller
If the blicka hit your kisser, bet you ass not rememberin'
They say my city's tougher than two fat bitches scissoring
So nigga I'm a veteran, retire my letterman
Has K's in front ya school, but I ain't going to Kettering
Cough up lung, 313 where I'm from
Ghan got me cross eyed like Bernstein’s son
And these niggas try to copy, put a hole in this top
It's us vs them, Detroit vs Everybody

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Lately it seems as if it's me against the world
Like it was before my life became a movie
And they usually use my mothafuckin' trailer to tease me with
But I flip that script like AB filler
Painkillers to pop that lid off that safety seal
It made me feel amazing, made me celebrate me
And if I may reiterate, I ain't even need a script
I ain't bein' conceited
But I made it to radio, eat a dick
I still never ABC the shit
Mainstream appeal and the skill is what made me iller
Since before they called Jay Dee Dilla
I was daydreamin' one day I would be the shit
And if I ever end up escapin' the streets I swear that I would stay here
Still in it, I'm crazy, I'll always be real
Don't make me steal an 18 wheeler
Break all of my friends out of here and take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer
Peel off back to the same block that we came from, rampage
You crazy for me to flip
What's makin' you think I need a switch? Cause I'm Adrian Peterson
When he's raging and heated and on the way to go beat his kid
On the track I spank like he just did
(DETROIT!) I can't never leave this bitch
Sick of bein' treated like me and shit
Jesus, I can just see why people stop callin' me to do features
And them cyphers on BET cause if
I wasn't me, I probably wouldn't want to play with me neither, shit
Seems to be reachin' this fever pitch
180 degrees in here
Trying to wait for the cedar chips
MCs just bit off more than they can chew like a face full of Swedish Fish
Or Lorena with two penises
Hateful and genius, this inconvenience
And for the record, you won't want this kind of static in your life
When I'm makin' you cling to it
They consider tryna reinsulate yah when it's maybe in for another crazy winter
It's so cold in the D, it is as days begin to tick away
But ain't this what really made me into the angry bitter blonde
Sick of bein' underdog
Don't make me unleash this shit, release this Pit
May even seem as if
I'm yankin' your chain a bit or maybe the way in which I'm sayin' shit
Is playin' with your relation, changin' it
It's still the same and Shady's still a lady killer
Since the day I went insane and attacked the baby sitter
With a potato peeler and mushed her face into the entertainment center
It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again
The Bermuda Triangle and attempted to make a safety center
Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated could be danger
Did you make arrangements with the gangsters when you came here?
And I came to kill 'em

[Hook: Dej Loaf]

[Outro: Trick Trick]
What up though, it's the godfather Trick Trick. You either ridin' with us or gettin' rolled on. That means Detroit vs. Everybody! Hey Em let me get that instrumental take it down to the hood, let the little homies get this remix crackin'. Detroit!
Verse 1: Eminem]
I roll over and go to reach for you, you're gone
This bed's empty without you
You said you're moving on
But I'm having some trouble getting there
But dwelling ain't getting me, uhh, anywhere
Fuckin' Valentine's Day
Fuck February, stuffed teddy bear, guts everywhere
Machete on the floor I smashed up every mirror
Yeah, how do I look?
You fuckin' just let me here to die didn't you?
Why didn't you respond yet?
I've written you five or six different times and
I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apologizing to you
I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through
This couldn't be true, we can't be over
So violets are blue, roses are red
Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you?

[Hook: Kobe]
Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night
I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointing toward the light
Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back"
Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Guess I gotta deal with the fact that, you ain't never comin' back
Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you
So I'm findin' something the matter with them
Excuse to not see anyone
Useless, rather pick up the phone, not at all, followin' protocol
I get bowled like bowling balls
No calls and know to call to talk, forget what I want to say
Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman
I'm sick of playin' these games, I can't handle this heartbreak
It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains
Like birthday cake candles
Hang up the phone and I shake, I think I may have made a mistake
Can't escape the madness
Turn the radio on, I hate this sad song
But I can't even change the station
The same one's playin' on eight channels
I lay awake in shambles I'm startin to hallucinate
And I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes
In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I

[Hook]

[Bridge: Kobe]
Give me one more, bottle for the pain
Give me one more for the memories
Give me one more, I'll make it taste like a steak
It'll help alleviate
It'll soothe this ache
Of trying to fake
That she's really, she's really coming back

[Verse 3: Eminem]
And it's been a while now, but I finally realize how
Much reality sucks, but it's just something about our love
I'm still with in denial now, dealing with the finality of it
And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we, spent
And how I'll never hold you again
And there ain't shit I can do about it
Now my head is overcrowded
With these tired memories and I can't seem to get you out it
And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably
Knowing what you done did to me, huh?
Did it even occur to you that I loved you, huh?
Complete, madly, head over heels for you
Was you and me, wants us to be together forever
It was supposed to be us, but you crushed the dream
We was supposed to die together, and it's killing me so much
When I sleep I wake up dead, must be why I

[Hook]
Eminem - Difficult lyrics:
They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me
Or am I just a little snappy
And they genuinly care
Doody, most of my life it's just been me and you there
And I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
Yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
What the fuck good does that do me now
But somehow I know you're near me in presence
Or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
And dawg you'll never believe this
But Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone elese is just tryna pick up the pieces
Man how you touch so many lives and just leave us
They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
If it's true how the fuck am I supposed to get over you
Difficult as it sounds

Doody, that's what we call eachother
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
We was always brothers
Never thought about eachothers skin colours
Til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
It was like 90 degrees I was catching a sun burn
Tryna walk under the trees
Just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
When I look over in his shirt is off
I'm like you gon fry and like
No I won't, I'm black stupid
Black people they got melatonin
And their skin don't burn
Meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
Like I'm on fire
And the entire time you're just laughing at me
And snapping at me with your shirt bastard
And I still have to get you back for that shit
And by the way them playboy rings
My mother stole from you
Well I finally got em back shit
It must have been at least 16 years ago
Well I put em in your casket
Moving past it, it still ain't registered yet
But you can bet you're legacy they'll never forget
The motor city mo-town
Hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
It don't stop there
Yeah, as difficult as it sounds

And this might sound a little strange but I'm a tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
And I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
And hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it
And as for me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
It feels like our general just fucking died in our lap
We shut off all our pages,
All our cell numbers is changed
Our two-ways are in the trash
So some cats will have to find a new way
And I know the dreams will die with you today
But the truth is there all still here and you ain't
Purple gang, you gotta press on
Don't ever give up the dream dog
I got love for you all
And Doody, it's true you bought people together who never
Woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
You were the peacemaker doody
I know sometimes you were moody
But you hated confrontation
And truly hated the feuding
But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
If it had to happen, it had to happen
Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to
Throw them balls back on Dresden
From making cars to paintballing
To getting arrested
To sitting across from eachother in cells laughing and jesting
They tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
Didn't show up for court
So we got off on a technicality, left sweating
Me, you and what's his face
I forgot his fucking name
Shame he even came to your funeral
He betrayed our team
And if I see him again I'm a punch him in the fucking face
And that's on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name
I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air
For you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54
Just before we were supposed to get in cars
To come and see you
It's more difficult as it sounds
[Intro] 

Good morning children, my name is Dirty Steve 
I be your substitute teacher for the day 
Clinton Sparks! 

[Verse 1] 

Come with me, don't be so mad 
Angry little man, Dirty Steve will be here soon 
He will hold your hand, walking through the forest 
Steve will show you porno magz 
You can beat his dick while he sucks your cause his a fag
Oh, ayo, Dre
I'm discombobulated
Let's take 'em back (Accents)
In time (Everything's all fucked up)
I'm discombobulated, discombobulated
Miss, you ovulating? Wait, I didn't mean to
Piss you off, my lady, what I really meant to say is
It goes a little something like this

Soon as I'm through with the Unisom I'ma hit the snooze alarm
Before I lose my mind, who am I gonna use it on?
Utilizing this tool, I will execute a line
Like what I tried to do one time in my youth when I euthanized
My poodle in junior high, used to hide in my room and fly
To the moon and try suicide with the glue from my school supplies
Then Proof, Denaun
Eye-Kyu and I would climb in that hooptie to ride to Drew's and rhyme
Bodied Saint Andrew's Hall too many times to count
Before I tear up The Shelter, give my dawgs a pound
Now I'm 'bout to treat all of you rappers noggins how
Dre does every time he goes back to Compton now
'Cause every so often I'll visit my old stomping grounds
And Doc's in the house, so you know the bong is out
Room is spinning like nine-hundred-thousand miles an hour
Forgot what I'm talkin' 'bout, fuck, I'm discombobulated

Now up is down, left is right
Day is night now, in is out, black is white
So to-and-fro and side-to-side
Am I coming or going? Man, I can't decide
'Cause back is forth now and stop means go
No means yes, but yes don't mean no
So, baby, please, take off your clothes
(No!) Yes! (No!) Yes! (No!) No! (Yes!) Oh! (Oh!), yeah

Just flew the coop, the cops are in hot pursuit
But the day they catch me is the day 50'll call a truce
And quash the feud with him and Ja and Ja'll actually spit a bar
That's not from a Dr. Seuss book and they'll start a group (Haha)
Fuck it, I'm a kook, I know I got a screw
And a couple of marbles loose, brain is like ramen soup
Shout to Trugoy, gotta give a De La salute
'Cause my noodle's in a knot, call it pasta noose (Yeah)
Wizard of ahs and oohs
Same Marshall Bruce in that battle who lost to Juice
Who also used to sound like Nas on "Live at the Barbeque"
Now I got the juice, wouldn't beef if I was you
Like, au jus, but beef, if like
"I was you," but, like, ah, fuck you (Man)
Long as I got these walls and these hallways I'm always
Have someone to argue with, I'm just all twisted, I'm discombobulated, man

Now up is down, left is right
Day is night now, in is out, black is white
So to-and-fro and side-to-side
Am I coming or going? Man, I can't decide
'Cause back is forth now and stop means go
No means yes, but yes don't mean no
So, baby, please, take off your clothes
(No!) Yes! (No!) Yes! (No!) No! (Yes!) Oh! (Oh!)

I'm at my best when I'm at my worst
And for that I'm blessed, so every time I rap I curse
And that's why press, I usually get attacked by first
They're at my neck like motherfucking vampires
So critics si-day I si-day the same shi-dit, I'm always degrading, little bi-ditch
Well, fi-duck 'em, they can si-duck my di-dick when I'm taking a shi-dit
Mid-y middle fid-inger is ex-tid-ended now, should I tell 'em where to put it?
I'm si-do fed up with it, they ask me dumb shi-dit
So I act like I'm on a kayak with my back to Niagara
No life jacket, man, I had like six psychiatrists, scientists
Misdiagnose me with plaque psoriasis 'cause I asked 'em, "Why is it
My eye itches?" so they gave me some diet tips
And Viagra with side effects, I might end up growing spiderwebs
In my head and dying a horrifying death, on my final breath
I will tell you, apply your lips to my dick, it's one size that fits
I just took an AIDS test and the doctor said to think positive, what the fuck?

Now up is down, left is right
Day is night now, in is out, black is white
So to-and-fro and side-to-side
Am I coming or going? Man, I can't decide
'Cause back is forth now and stop means go
No means yes, but yes don't mean no
So, baby, please, take off your clothes
(No!) Yes! (No!) Yes! (No!) No! (Yes!) Oh! (Oh!)

Haha, yeah
Dr. Dre
Black Beethoven
S1
2050, haha
We're out

~
[Eminem]
Hailie, what do you want to be when you grow up baby?

[Hailie]
I don't know
But I don't want to grow up to be like Ja Rule's little dirty-ass kids

[Eminem and Hailie]
Ah ha, yeah, c'mon
G-G-G-G-G-G-G Unit
Hailie, come here baby, bring Daddy his Oscar
We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass

[Swift]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead and I ain't talkin' bout a pencil
Look at what the fuck you done got into
I see you found your niche, you just a bitch with a menstrual
Claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
You put E before the D cause that's all you on
You on Pac's dick, you a replica guy
If he was still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry, bitch keep it real
Life is more than imitatin' niggas and eatin' pills
And what kind of motherfucker ruins three deals
That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills
And I ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover cause he need it
And all you niggas hatin', shut you mouths
It's just that real niggas ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out

[Obie Trice]
Doe, rae, me but we don't sing motherfuckas
So Murder Inc do your thing motherfuckers
You unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
Than R&B comin' from that regime
Regime is a little extreme
Neck and neck with soldiers, motherfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the TV screen, chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a motherfuckin' actor, slash Pac impersonatin' rapper
Slash Billie Holiday, how it happen
Artist and repertoire saw him in action
Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed him
Told him reenact him, you go platinum
They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reenactin' her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy
Mash and destroy, Shady slash Aftermath and Detroit, mothafucker

[Hook: Eminem]
Doe rae me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me cause you washed up lost your spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac
Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not
Shooting at me, with the only shot you got
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop

[Kuniva]
Now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the grievance and the crying and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga, you shook you half of a half-way crook
Get off X dick, go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late great one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga please, stick to the script
Before the guns stick to the clip
And Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch
Fuckin' old-ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive
Wait a minute, hold on
Is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on
A bitch-made man
Now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a Tyrannosaurus Rex
You niggas can scream holler and curse
Go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta your purse

[Proof]
Slim didn't send Proof to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up Gotti, and this little war you pushed on
Put your ear to the ground for stepping on bush stones
What's wrong, didn't think we strong with real niggas
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
It's real business y'all ain't caught the concept
You talkin' nonsense to walking bomb threats
Contact was blown by Benzetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss you gon' see me on your porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggas early and ain't scurred to bust

[Kon Artis]
Word to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils
With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind you
Cadillac Pac or that transvestite
That dress like a Lil Kim fox
You're just like a little windbox
Press tight on the trigger of this Glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video trying mock Pac
You Mockaveli, get your own identity

[Hook (Refrain in background)]
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again
Fuckin' punk-pussy bitch
I'll fuck you up boy
Never
Don't you never in your motherfuckin' life
I'll choke the shit out of you little motherfuckin' midget
Hailie'll whip your motherfuckin' ass

[Outro- Obie Trice]
That's right motherfuckers
Shady records, whatchu know about it
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this Obie Trice right here talkin' to you motherfuckers
Ja Rule punk ass, yeah
Fuckin' Soul 4 Real ass
Nigga, that's Soul 4 Real
That the nigga from Soul 4 Real
Candy Rain-ass nigga
He got a deal now he rappin'
You don't know what's, faggot-ass motherfuckers
Get money to all my real niggas, man
Obie Trice, D-12, G Unit, 50 Cent
Hailie Jade

[Hailie]
Daddy, is Ja Rule taller than me?

[Eminem]
No honey, you guys are the same size
Used to get, bent, now I represent to the fullest
Pencil is full of insolent bullets
I'm like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rott'
Mixed with a toxic, the plot begins to thicken
I begin to spitting like vintage Pac, demented
Demonic sinister, ever since the the Doc replenished me
The day he gave me that shot when I was just 'bout to quit
So to not see him with me would be a shocking image
And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is
Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it
And knock me to the canvas, even the boxing critics
Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I'll always have a Rocky finish
Eat me brocoli, spinach, cocky? Nope
But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at this
And put emphasis on the "dope," so when names come up
In that conversation of who's the dopest, better throw mine in it
And don't mind me, while I remind you of the flow
You won't find anywhere, when it fires and I unload my pen explodes
'til there's no rhymes in it, reload in no time
Let insults fly every sixty seconds that go by, so you know I meant it
In school I was so shy, timid
Two pairs of jeans I'd alternate, bummy clothes, I 'member
Begging my mom for K-Mart MacGregors cause they were new
St. Vincent de Paul, those Pony's were used, and no size fitted
But kissed them old days, adios, I did it
They said I was a gimmick, now I'm the one that those guys mimic
Now you fuckers don't wanna go starting no argument
Cause you know I'll win it, name a flow that's more authentic, and don't front

[Hook: Buckshot]
You know I got you open, kid, don't front
You know I got you open, word, don't front
You know I got you open, kid, yo why you fronting?
You know I got you open, kid

[Verse 2]
Rest in peace to Big Proof, you was a beast, you lyrically mirrored me
Molded my flow off of you, your spirit's flowing through me
I love you, Doody, without you I feel so incomplete
I'm no king, no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet
I'm a thorn in your side, get thrown into a throne
Better watch the fucking tone that you speak, feel like I'm in the zone
I'm in a whole different league on my mothafuckin' own, it's just me
No opponents can compete, and I've never been known to retreat
From beef, be beat, follow trends or wallow in defeat
I'm still hungry as fuck, but can't even say bon appétit
Cause I don't know what to eat, fucking microphone or the beat
Bitch, nobody's mind works like mine
It's nose to the grindstone time, holmes, your mind's blown
Cause I rhyme like I'm still trying to get signed, up in the Ebony Show-
-case with Denaun screaming "Who the fuck passed you the mic?"
Never asked you like my shit from the get
I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass, bitch
You had you a nice run, now take a hike
I ever meet my match, I'mma strike that bitch first
Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers
The real rappers get their mothafuckin' skills cracking
Word to Buckshot and Dru-Ha, why the fuck not?
You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot
Before I signed with the Doc, I almost signed with Duck Down
Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers, so mothafuck Loud
They jerked me around so what's up now?
Wow, how much of an asshole would I sound like
Rubbing it and holding some grudge now, but don't front

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Late at night, used to catch a buzz, couldn't write
Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe
But wear diapers cause you might leave a streak
I'm on a streak windshield wipers couldn't wipe
It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump into tonight
Cause I'm hyper or something, needing someone or something is lighting
This fire under me, it's breathing new life, it's like I already died once
I guess some people only live twice, and it's funny
My days of being broke was so long ago, I lost my concept of money
But you dimes won't get a fucking nickle from me
Oh shit, I'm down on one knee
I'm having a stroke of genius, Elizabeth I'm coming to you, honey
From boy to man, and still make a whore moan like a thyroid gland
I'm in another category, man, don't put me up with them pop stars
I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy, band
No offense? Yes offense, precedents has been set that'll never get met
Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose
Shouts to Obie, the curtains closed on my show
(But never forget that I'm the one you thought wouldn't make it)
You can't take it, oh
Got a whole generation of rappers coming up that are nutty with the flow
But convince me you've heard
An MC since me who's as good with the fucking mincing of words
Without mincing words that'll make you feel like I'm pinching a nerve
Whose mentally disturbed, you might as well stick a knife in me and turn
It'll be like my skin being Indian burned
Hah, bitch there isn't one, when will you learn?
Never been served if memory serves
I'd battle that 'til my own recollection remembers these words

[Outro: Buckshot]
You know I got you open kid, stop fronting
You know I got you open, Word Life
[50 Cent]
I need you to pray for me and 
I need you to care for me and 
I need you to want me to win
I need to know where I'm heading,'cause I know where I've been
Flow's bone crushing it's nothing
I come up with something
Come through your strip, fronting, stunting
It's something you want, 745 chrome spinning
Haters hate that I'm winnning
Man I've been hot from the beginning
Motherfuckers envy the kid, control your jealousy
'Cause I can't control my temper, I'm fitting to catch a felony
Pistol in hand homie, I'm down to get it popping
Once I squeeze the first shot 
No I aint stopping till my clip is empty
I'm simply not that nigga you should try your luck with
Fuck with, hollow-tip shells struck with your bones broke
Gun smoking, still locing, what nigga
Lay your ass down paramedics get you up feeling

[50 Cent]
Right now I'm on the edge
So don't push me
I aim straight for your head
So don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy

Right now I'm on the edge
So don't push me
I aim straight for your head
So don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy

[Lloyd Banks]
Ive'a lost my bigger nigga and I didn't cry
To young to understand, the consequences of man
Living a lie I, gotta get that money
I'll be damned if If I'm bummy
Gotta watch my back around these niggas
'Cause they fronting 20 years 
Of watching my mum in tears
Got me heated, heavily weeded
Smoking that bong 'cause I need it
These niggas don't want me balling, they want me buried
Bald in the dirt from shots flury
Laying with bugs under my shirt
I got plans to hop up in they Hummer
'Cause I'mma stunner, I sit back and wonder
When them angels gon' call my number
Under, my chest is a heart of a lion
I ain't lieing , bounty hunters got me flying
With my iron, high as a giant
I'm running from nothing, my stomach is touching
What I'm clutching, to give you more then a concussion
End of discussion
My blood is colder, so I'm bolder
Hennesy and Soda
Hood on my my shoulder
Look in the mirror, I see a soldier

[50 Cent]
Right now I'm on the edge
So don't push me
I aim straight for your head
So don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy

Right now I'm on the edge
So don't push me
I aim straight for your head
So don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy

[Eminem]
These are my ideas
This is my sweat and tears
This is shit that I solved with my balls, my ears
This is me who's gotta be
What you see on TV
What you hear on CD
What appears easy
Man these teenie boppers see me on these magazine covers
In these beanies and these rags, living fantasies
Fronting like it's all fun and games
Till they shoot 'em up bang
Then you see brains hang and you see we ain't playing
Ain't saying we ain't laying down at night and ain't praying
I bully my way in this game, man I'm done playing
Man I'm done saying that I'm done playing
I'mma start laying any of these motherfucking cocksuckers
There's no way I'mma back down, like a goddamn coward
I can't, how would I look as man bowing to his knees
Like the mad cow disease, let somebody lash out at me
And not lash back out at 'em, please
Oh, whoa, yo, ho, hold up, oh no, not me 
Not Marshall, you wanna see Marshall?
I'll show you Marshall, I try to show you art
But you just pick it apart, so I see I have to start
Showing you fuckin old farts a whole other side
I wanted to not show you, so you know you're not dealing with
Some fuckin marshmallow, little soft yellow 
Punk pussy, who's heart's Jello, 'cause

[50 Cent]
Right now I'm on the edge
So don't push me
I aim straight for your head
So don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy

Right now I'm on the edge
So don't push me
I aim straight for your head
So don't push me
Fill your ass up with lead
So don't push me
I got something for your ass, keep thinking I'm pussy
[Intro]
Yo (Yeah)
A little under the weather
Fuck it
Yeah
Alright, here we go

[Verse]
First I'ma shred a (What?)
Verse like I had a personal vendetta (Yeah)
Words come together like birds of a feather (What?)
'Til I need a walker like Herschel, I'm better
Than all of you fuckin' little twerps put together
But I'm not tryna be controversial, I'd rather (Nah)
Talk about shit with a purpose that matters (Like?)
Like who had the second best verse on "Forever"? (Damn)
Now I got a riddle (What?), one condition, you mustn't laugh (Okay)
What is the opposite of Benzino? (Uh, what?) A giraffe (Haha)
"Go at his neck," how the fuck is that? (Yeah)
How can I go at somethin' he doesn't have? (Haha)
Arm so short he can't even touch his hands
When they're above his head doin' jumpin' jacks (Wow)
Sorry, I don't mean (What?) to upset you, Ben' (Yeah)
When I talk about (What?) all the debt you in (Uh)
I hear that you been (What?) creepin' on the low
In them cheap hotels (Yeah), that they catch you in (What?)
Jesus Christ, dawg (Damn), when you said two-ten (What?)
Never guessed you meant (Damn) at the Red Roof Inn (Shit)
In a room with one single bed, two men (What?)
Shady, man, you can't—, yes, you can (Shh)
Well, I guess then I regret to inform you, hate to spoil the day (What?)
But this doesn't bring me no joy to say (Huh?)
Guess that Coi Leray feat's in the toilet, ayy? (Goddamn)
Damage due to flows, collateral, I s'pose
Gat-pointed like mine and Sandra Bullock's nose (Well)
Yeah, them bullet holes, have you full of those (Yeah)
You'll catch a stray like animal control, plan a funeral
I'ma probably have to plan a few neurological exams
Once again, it is off into that damn padded room I go
Right toward the asylum or the psych ward
Because I strangled you with a mic cord
Because my fuckin' mind's morbid
I'm on my (What?) Pegasus, my high horse, and I'm fly (Yeah)
Bitch, I soar like a sty
You probably feel like you're gonna die (Yeah)
'Cause you're in my morgue and you're tied up like a tight score
And that's why (What?) I'm back with Cole Bennett
And I been at the level J. Cole been at
It's Aftermath that I ride for 'til I die
Morning, Marshall
Morning, doc
So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling?
Anxious
Anxiety?
Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world. Nervous
Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now. Sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this. You found a sponsor yet?
Um, not yet. But I mean, when I get back
Well, if you find one, you find one. If you don't, you don't.
Well, yeah, I mean, I gotta start going to meetings first and. Wait, what?
Well, you don't absolutely have to go to meetings and it's not like like a requirement that they fit into your schedule, we know you're a busy person
Well, yeah, but I thought sobriety was the most important thing
So what else are you thinking?
Um, well, I know I gotta start practicing the steps, and I mean learning them, and start being able to apply them
The steps?
Yeah, steps
There's a lot of them, aren't there?
Well, twelve
Christ, I don't even know them all
Really?
Anything else
Um, well, I mean the only other question I have is like, what do I do if I find myself in a situation where maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that and I get tempted to?
Take a drink
What?
Take a drink and you know, take the edge off
Take the edge off? Man, if I have a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to
What, you mean these? *shakes pills*
Now, what the fuck?
Marhsall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts, are we?
Oh, no, no, no, come on, man
Marshall, you can't leave me
Oh, fuck you, man
You'll never leave me, Marshall
No
We'll always be together, Marshall
No, no
Marshall? Marshall?
No
*alarm beeping*
Oh, shit
[Eminem] Obie yo
[Obie] I'm sick
[Eminem] Damn, you straight dog?

[Hook] That's why I ain't got no time
For these games and stupid tricks
All these bitches on my dick
That's how dudes be getting sick
That's how dicks be getting drips
Falling victims to this shit
From these bitches on our dicks
Fucking chickens with no ribs
That's why I ain't got no time

[Verse 1: Obie]
Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk
I hadda bag of the skunk, one and last night's tunk
Pussy residue was on my penis, Denise, from the cleaners
Fucked me good, you should've seen us
Big booty bitch, switch unbearable
French role styling, body like a stallion
Sizing up the figure, while my shit gettin' bigger
Debating on to fuck her, do I wanna be a nigga
Caressing this bitch, plus I'm checking out them tits
Sipping on that fine shit, I ain't use to buying
I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory
Like taking ho's money, but that's another story
For surely your pussy on toast, after we toast
Our clothes fell like Bishop in juice
The womb beater, clean pussy eater, inserting my john
In that spot hotter than the hottest block, don't stop
Response I got when I was knocking it
Clocks steading ticking, kinky finger licking
The cannon, seen us at my temple when she moans
I gotta slow down before I cum soon
And work that nigga, like a slave owner
When I dropped off my outfit, she knew I wanted to bone her
She foaming at the lips, the ones between the hips
Pubic hair's looking like some sour cream dip
Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though
Pussy tighter than conditions of his black folks
We in the final stretch, the last part of sex
I bust a fat ass nut then I woke up next
Like, what the fuck is going on here?
This bitch evaporated, pussy and all just picked up and vacated
And now I'm frustrated cause my dick was unprotected
And doctor Wesley telling me I really got that shit, fuck

That's why I ain't got no time
For these games and stupid tricks
All these bitches on my dick
That's how dudes be getting sick
That's how dicks' be getting drips
Falling victim's to this shit
From these bitches on our dicks
Fucking chickens with no ribs
That's why I ain't got no time

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Now I don't wanna hit no women when this chicks got it coming
Someone better get this bitch before she gets kicked in the stomach
And she's pregnant, but she's egging me on, begging me to throw her
Off the steps on this porch, my only weapon is force
And I don't wanna resort to violence of any sort
But whys she shoving me for doesn't she love me no more?
Wasn't she hugging me four minutes ago at the door?
Man I'm this close to going toe to toe with this whore
What would you do if she was telling you she wants a divorce
She's having another baby in a month and it's yours
And you found it isn't cause this bitch has been visiting
Someone else and sucking his dick and kissing you on the lips
When you get back to Michigan, now the plot has thickened 'n worse
Cause you feel like you've been sticking your fucking dick in a hearse
So you're paranoid at every little cold that you get
Ever since they sold you this shit, you've been holding your dick
So you go to the clinic, sweating every minute you're in it
Then the doctor comes out looking like Dennis the Menace
And it's obvious to everyone in the lobby, it's AIDS
He ain't even gotta to call in you the office to say it
So you jet back home, cause you gone get that ho
When you see her, you're gonna bend her fucking neck back yo
Cause you love her, you never would've expect that blow
Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low?
Jesus, I don't believe this bitch works at the cleaner's
Bringing me home diseases swinging from Obie's penis
She's so deceiving, shit this ho's a genius, she geed us

That's why I ain't got no time
For these games and stupid tricks
All these bitches on my dick
That's how dudes be getting sick
That's how dicks' be getting drips
Falling victim's to this shit
From these bitches on our dicks
Fucking chickens with no ribs
That's why I ain't got no time

I'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches
Fuck em all, get money
Ha, shady records
Wow, Obie Trice
Eminem mother fucker
New millennium shit, yeah
Turn this shit off, turn this shit the fuck off
What I wanna do, let me see right here, yo

Not many people that I label
Would be able to display table,
manners but I plan this
To make this beat rock like scanners
Make the fans just go bananas
Yo, get our planners
That means I'm nuts for the sl*ts who don't understand this
Yo my clan is
Yeah right, and y'all gon' stand there and act like you don't understand it
Like my name is Janet and my titty fell out an' I ain't plan it
Check, check this out
And if you're rockin with your necklace out, that's my breakfast now
I'mma snatch it, yo my style is rechid, you can't fetch it
No you can't stretch it
And yo, it doesn't really matter cause your name I can't even pronunciate
You're the sa-same type-a mo'f**ker
To go and suckerpunch Dre at the Vibe Awards
But he right behin the boards the next day
So, kiss an ass
Or kiss a dick, lick a dick
Eat my ass
Whatever you wan' do, it's on you
Big Proof comin' through..
[Eminem]
Yeah boy,
better ring the alarm boy,
dem know its coming boy,

[Verse 1]
Oh my God, f-cking Bomboclat
I’m hard as Kenard, the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire,
tie a whore up with barbed wire, nothing but a broad boy,
I’m the real deal, and char-broiler on the bonfire
and Bon Voyage bitch, I’m like Chef Boyar-
-dee in this bitch; send a bomb to my moms lawyer
Im a problem for ya, boy you think your Tom Sawyer,
til I pull you out the f-cking story book and stomp on ya,
f-cking fictitional characters and fariytales,
prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris Wheels,
but it aint fiction its fact boy beware its real
them lyrics you wield equals zero to a hero’s shield
Mr fly by the seat of his pants parasail
or hit the trampoline bounce and grab a pair of stilts,
and I aint wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing, no nada,
like your fa-da f-cking ya mada

[Chorus]
Drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
drop the bomb on them,
i dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me,
Drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on em
I dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me,


[Verse 2]
Boy, Im the real McCoy,
you little boys can’t even fill voids,
party’s over kids, kill the noise,
here come the killjoys,
me and Dre steel alloys,
the rap crown royals,
that scalp cowboys
now how that sound for ya
yeah boy you know we about to put it down for ya,
so kick your shoes off,
before you have a sound voyage,
and siyanara see ya f-ckers tommorow,
get some R and R and marinate in some marinara,
and have a coke and a smile, dont make me open a jar,
whip ass on ya, thats the last straw your hoping to draw,
yeah you fresher than most boy, I’m just doper than all boy,
I’m that boy boy, them boys them no up to par
I just show up go up to the stage and blow up the spot,
there aint no boy who can do what I do boy Im a star,
boy, I told you boy, Im a Soldier boy, Im DeShaun,
Holten in this B-tch, Im the Proof boy your a fraud,
I destroy you boy, f-ck around and blow ya to Sod
oh my God boy, you didn’t go there, no you did not,
I got a whole story board for you, boy your da plot,
your gettin got whether you try to avoid it or not,
apology not accepted boy, Detroit is a rock,
we get to beefing, aint no telling at what point it will stop,
all I got to do is point to the spot,
when the bomb drops boy does it drop,
and when it does boy there’s a problem,

[Chorus]
Drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
drop the bomb on them,
i dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me,
Drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on em
I dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me,


[Verse 3]
Boy dont jinx yourself,
boy I’m Michael Spinks with the belt,
Stringer bell boy, my name rings bells for itself,
I’m sick as hell boy,
you better run and tell someone else,
Bringin hell boy, sing them telegrams and get dealt
and to that boy who done said it …,
who said he was better,
lyrics courtesy of killerhiphop.com
i bet he never seen Freddie in a Black and red little sweater,
back better than ever,
the chedder shredder the grater the beef grinder
I’ll settle vendettas a little later,
giving haters incubators, think ya made a mistake,
by saying Shady was ghost, I ain’t even close to the gate
you bout a foot in the grave, stay put and behave
Im bout to turn this f-cking place to Beirut in a day
so hey wouldn’t you say Im the sh-t,
couldn’t agree with ya more fuel to say to my f-cking sh-t doesn’t
stink,
shady f-cking aftermath boy the ship doesn’t sink it just floats int he
f-cking water
til we fill up the tank,

[Chorus]
Drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
drop the bomb on them,
i dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me,
Drop the bomb on em,
please don’t drop the bomb on me,
shady please, please dont drop the bomb on me,
Drop the bomb on em
I dont want no dog gone beef,
see aint no reason to set the dogs on me
[Girl] Yeaaah, hahahaha...whooooo, shit!
[Em] (aight)
[Eminem] Guess what? I ain't coming in yet...
I'll come in a minute
[Eminem] Ayo...This is my love song...it goes like this

[Eminem]
Back when Mark Walhberg was Marky Mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen' with Bacardi Dark
And when it, kicks in you can hardly talk
And by the, sixth gin you're gonna probably crawl
And you'll be, sick then and you'll probably barf
And my pre-diction is you're gonna probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
And everything's spinning
You're beginin' to think women
are swimming in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guiness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches
You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyin' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42 car pile-up
[Em's spaceman voice]Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Look at the life on this planet, sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me out of this place
I'm outta place
I'm in outer space
I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
'Cause every time I go to try to leave
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got ahold of me

'Cause every time I try to tell them "no"
They won't let me ever let them go
I'm a sucka all I gotta say
These drugs really got ahold of me

[Eminem]
In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play rubix cube
17 years later I'm as Rude as Jude
Scheming on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I've got no game
And every face looks the same
They've got no name
So I don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want
However, I do show some respect to few
As ecstacy got me standing next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck spillin' guts to you
We just met
But I think I'm in love with you
But you're on it too
So you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like "yo, what the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch
You know I have stuff to do
'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run
These drugs are probably going to catch up sooner or later
But fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy
Let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's sticking out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now
I'm going to try to find some more

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wollow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably going to want to do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? Screw it
And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning?
And what's a little fight?
Tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life
Live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere
Where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're going
'Cause none of the shit is going to mean shit where we're going
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every morning
But you're young
You've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw
Parties to crash
Sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded and graduated
Did better drugs and updated
But I've still got a lot of growing up to do
I've still got a whole lot of throwing up to spew
But when it's all said and done I'll be 40
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch telling stories
With a bottle of Jack
Two grandkids in my lap
Babysiting for Haley while Haley's out getting smashed

[Chorus 2x]
[Same as previous, but 2nd time the last line is repeated like this]

Drugs really got ahold of me
They really got ahold of me
'Cause drugs really got ahold of me
They really got ahold of me
They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I’m happy
Are they asking me that because of the sh-t thats been thrown at me
Or am I just a little snappy
And they genuinly care
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
And I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
Yeah I say it now and you can’t hear me
What the fuck good does that do me now
But somehow I know you’re near me in presence
Or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
Two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
And dawg you’ll never believe this
But Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone elese is just tryna pick up the pieces
Man how you touch so many lives and just leave us
They say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
If its true how the fuck am I supposed to get over you
Difficult as it sounds

Chorus [Obie Trice]:
Dudey! I drop a tear in the rhyme, the day you find it is the day I stop missing DeShaun,
Holton, it was written, it was woven for a soldier to leave so suddenly, got me wide open
I could die, take my soul, so dope and, turn around, leave us all heartbroken
Know that you said keep going, be a man, no emotion, it's your duty, till we meet again, my Dudey.

Dudey, thats what we call eachother
I don’t know where it came from but it just stuck with us
We was always brothers
Never thought about eachothers skin colours
Til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
It was like 90 degrees I was catching a sun burn
Tryna walk under the trees
Just to give me some comfort
I’m moaning I just wanna get home
When I look over in his shirt is off
I’m like you gon fry and like
No I wont, I’m black stupid
Black people they got melatonin
And their skin don’t burn
Meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
Like I’m on fire
And the entire time you’re just laughing at me
And snapping at me with your shirt bastard
And I still have to get you back for that shit
And by the way them playboy rings
My mother stole from you
Well I finally got em back shit
It must have been at least 16 years ago
Well I put em in your casket
Moving past it, it still aint registered yet
But you can bet you’re legacy they’ll never forget
The motor city mo-town
Hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
It don’t stop there
Yeah, as difficult as it sounds

Chorus [Obie Trice]:
Dudey! I drop a tear in the rhyme, the day you find it is the day I stop missing DeShaun,
Holton, it was written, it was woven for a soldier to leave so suddenly, got me wide open 
I could die, take my soul, so dope and, turn around, leave us all heartbroken 
Know that you said keep going, be a man, no emotion, it's your duty, till we meet again, my Dudey.

And this might sound a little strange but I’mma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
And I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
And hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it
And as for me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
It feels like our general just fucking died in our lap
We shut off all our pages,
All our cell numbers is changed
Our two-ways are in the trash
So some cats will have to find a new way
And I know the dreams will die with you today
But the truth is there all still here and you aint
Purple gang, you gotta press on
Don’t ever give up the dream dog
I got love for you all
And Dudey, it’s true you bought people together who never
Woulda been in the same room if it wasn’t for you
You were the peacemaker doody
I know sometimes you were moody
But you hated confrontation
And truly hated the feuding
But you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
If it had to happen, it had to happen
Believe me, I know you’re the one who taught me to
Throw them balls back on Dresden
From making cars to paintballing
To getting arrested
To sitting across from eachother in cells laughing and jesting
They tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
Didn’t show up for court
So we got off on a technicality, left sweating
Me, you and whats his face
I forgot his fucking name
Shame he even came to your funeral
He betrayed our team
And if I see him again I’mma punch him in the fucking face
And thats on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina’s name
I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air
For you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54
Just before we were supposed to get in cars
To come and see you
It’s more difficult as it sounds.

Dudey!
[Intro-Eminem]

Ayo, yo, this motherfucken Eminem, Dirty Dozen, 
‘Bout to show you how we set it when we come through, 
Know what I’m sayin’, word up, bitch motherfuckers better raise up, 
y’all motherfuckers better raise up, ayo buss it

[Eminem]

Ayo 
I'ma pit-bull terrier, triple darin' ya, scarin' ya with a derringer, 
ready to make you wet like a Submariner, tearin’ ya frame out with homicidal lines 
Bringin’ the drama an the trauma to ya mama’s vital signs (Blaw!) 
A verbal shot fired, this mic’s been hot wired, uppercuts to your chin knockin’ your snot skyward 
Rappers wanna be screenplay actors, so I’m givin’ them spine fractures, 
like linebackers on the Green Bay Packers, an roll over ‘em backwards 
Dirty Dozen, I’m someone you just don’t wanna see like a nerdy cousin 
So keep your distance when I get this tense, you see my fist clench 
It’s gonna be some bullets dispensed, you besta keep yo premescence fixed 
Your mistense, any resistance, get you voided like mis-prints 
You’ll end up with no teeth left makin’ a beef threat 
When I look up on your set, don't get it twisted like Keith Sweat

[Chorus–Eminem]

When I get the bussin, you best be get to jumpin’ 
I’m touchin’ somethin’, fool I’m comin’ through dumpin’ 
My beat’s bumpin’, you hear it thumpin’, that oughta tell you somethin’ 
Bitch I’m comin’ through dumpin’ 
Bullets hit you, your heart stops pumpin’, you blood starts clumpin’ 
I’m comin’ through dumpin’ 
If you don’t know you best make an assumption, I got you slumpin’ 
Fool I’m comin’ through dumpin’

[Proof]

A proven fact, my pack, got your whole team movin back, 
We never loosing slack, I pay dues in rap, I run untill my shoes untack, 
My writers use them gats, my thugs fuse them cracks, 
Relax and catch your contacts, tune in the music track 
Slugs dispatch, on any street riz and mismatch, 
My crew will get busy like redneck on some six packs, 
My fist crack the feather weight, my words will never break, 
A clever snake, 'll be forever fake, let me get this chedda straight, 
Makin doe is impor'nt, so is the heart, 
My flow is the art, me and the mic hold hands like louis and clark 
Wepons can turn into death, now see em, 
My chrome, shatter bones, that lack calcium 
Knock your domes out the bone park, ya thoughts is on par 
Plus ya got a small heart, now save tho corny lines for hallmark 
I want the sunny days and money paid in 8 figures, 
A mircophone fiend and on my own team is fake niggas, 
Moms, her rock the play-doe, I spot the fabal, that make the shoppin stable, 
Will grant stop the table, the glock n able when I pop the fatal, 
Phonys that plot pre-nable wacks 
The playa haters never make it back, I'm dumpin'

[Chorus–Eminem]

When I get the bussin, you best be get to jumpin’ 
I’m touchin’ somethin’, fool I’m comin’ through dumpin’ 
My beat’s bumpin’, you hear it thumpin’, that oughta tell you somethin’ 
Bitch I’m comin’ through dumpin’ 
Bullets hit you, your heart stops pumpin’, you blood starts clumpin’ 
I’m comin’ through dumpin’ 
If you don’t know you best make an assumption, I got you slumpin’ 
Fool I’m comin’ through dumpin’

[B-Flat]

Aiyo we don't say that, we say it's real business 
The third nigga on the mic, representing world'afanompolous, 
Ain't shit stoppin us, old school like cold crush, 
Slicing dice, emcee's on the mic like cold cuts, 
Blaw make the record, coming straight from the get (oh) 
Where niggas keep it real, n make these skills pay there dedts 
I can't forget the DJ he'l play we say, focus on the shit that make the crowd wanna flip, 
We don't bust clips cause it's not in us, but when shit get deep it's a must that we bust, 
Arm n leg, leg, arm n head, for afros n facing bone heads always down to the dreads 
40's to drink endos to smoke, n the rims that we ride on is true deez spokes, 
Tires, know alot of micheals but they don't live on myers, 
Bitches pussy tight, here come the dick flyers, 
What's my name? homie sire, 
Gon ride on the mic like titty dances on the fire 
When you hear my beat, see the crowd starts jumpin, yee, ha-ha-ha yee I'm comin threw dumpin' (word)

[Chorus-B-Flat]

Other MC’s like Doug-E-Fresh ain’t sayin’ nuttin 
Bitch nigga I’m comin’ through dumpin’ 
Go to the church, ill have the dick an cold humpin’ 
Cause my shit be comin’ through dumpin’

[Eye Kyu]

When I'm lifted don't quizz this, it ain't worth it to risk it, 
I quick with the gift, n twice as swift with the biscuit, 
Headed back to ship off all the niggas ass around christmas 
They know it's the time of year, they be expecting my visits 
Doin 90 on the henzel, runnin to get it, n twizt u niggas like a pretzel, 
Blows come in three like the godfather trilogy, I'm micheal koleown with this mic, bitch u ain't killin me 
Let me see some hands to make sure y'all feeling me, 
I'm stickin you up for your rocks and y'all gon give em up wilingly, 
Rap is my life n that's why every day I live it, punches holes in the floor, 
Like wack rappers records, man every nigga in here is bringin in drama this big 
Then they time to come up shorter then bloods all midgits, shiiiit 
Can you dig it, kyu coming threw with something,

[Chorus-Eye Kyu]

Guaranteed to have your whole fucken block jumpin’, we comin’ through dumpin’ 
When we come, we got your knees crumblin’, y’all nigga's ain’t sayin’ nuttin’ 
Cause we comin dumpin’
[Chorus]
Oh, all around the World,
theres an echo
as he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls, the boys
they chase the noise
through the highs and through the lows
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo

[Royce]
Classical palms
battle my own demons
I need a glass of Patron
bad as I need a horn
stabbing my clavicle bone
Im at it or prone
first time I seen a dessert eagle
I was letting the 44 buss
the 44 pop
first time you seen one, you was eating coco puffs
looking at Robocop
I’m not a man, I’m a logo, I’m sustain
in order to clean my things you need saline
Im never refering to the solution
I’m talking about more like the mustang
vroom
get respect from the get-go, hello
set to the echo, pyscho
pen got a mind of its own, gotta write my rhymes with a timer otherwise
I’ll probably vibe out to a nine minute song
as the echo follows the Maserati
as the petrol swallows,
Im a thousand bodies away from a skeleton
check your bible inside it, it will say this guys an elephant
I’m fly like I’m, killing the scene like I’m a villain with wings
I’ll sleep when I’m 6 feet deep,
right now I’m living a dream
though we may be reckless
the ladies check us
they whisper Shady records
baby echo

[Chorus]
Oh, all around the World,
theres an echo
as he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls, the boys
they chase the noise
through the highs and through the lows
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo

[Eminem]
I can hear them calling, calling, calling, calling, calling
I eat rappers with the rhyme, consume ‘em
the only f-cking thing that you consume is time
Im super human, my world is like a Rubiks cube
its too complex girl, you assuming, cupids looming
my mentality’s caveman stupid woman
my life is Truman show, all I have is music hoe
I stopped chasing every chick under the sun many moons ago
so pretend my dick is a balloon and blow
cause you better put a fork in it if you think I’mma lay here just spooning yo
oh you think you the shit ’cause I just said you was beautiful
diabolical, till the last molecule, down to my last hair folicle and cuticle
rhyming to the call, to the (?) all the way down to my sock and the hair on my toe
learn how to sew, so shut my own booty hole
cause I aint took no sh-t since I looked down to my nuts and saw my first pubic grow
I told these stupid hoes when I come back I’mma set this bitch on fire
and this time I mean Imma pour gasoline on some chick and light her
cause this time muthaf-ckers I’m put my whole God-damn dick inside her
I aint even put my tip in that hoe yet
Ima go get TIP and try to rip it wider

[Chorus]
Oh, all around the World,
theres an echo
as he takes a bow
And they all know all the girls, the boys
they chase the noise
through the highs and through the lows
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
they will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo
All aboard, okay... Next stop, my basement... haha, I'll meet you down there

Hook

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide,
Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Verse 1

Haters getting mad, they done had enough of shady
You slay me, nothing you say matters enough that you shame me
Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele
Woopsa that a fucking daisy
That's an honour who even she knows dada's fucking crazy
Fucking animal, cookoo, bananas, fucking AV
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby
You may think it's cause of the way that I was brought up
But it's all caught up to me now, palm is in the waters
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does
You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started
Now your brains all haunted cause of all the shit you thought of
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust
I never thought it'd come to this, I outta just be honest but

Hook

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide,
Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Verse 2

Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert and Aiken ain't gonna make it
They get so mad, when I call them both fake it's
All these fucking voices in my head I can't take it
Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'for I shake it
You're standing adjacent to Jason's last slut, they're facing
Together makes 'em, a fucking bad combination
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation
Shoved the weiner snitzel up his ass, hopped away some-
body please stop the patient, get the cops to mase him
Homie, I'm the shizer, pass doctor dre some
I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son
No not-a now, not a chance, not today son
I can't believe I leave for one breif second
And you pussy queef all over the rap game, naked
And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stains, feck it
I just keep saying the same exact saying, check it

Hook

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide,
Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Verse 3

Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later
I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave-I
Thinkin' about an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em
Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em
Yeah, for every time you ride down the street
Or hideout, drive by my house and beep
Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep
Lie down fucker, try countin' sheep
And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?
Mase in your face bitch, cry now pussy
This is my house, all nine thousand feet
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth
Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top
Stand above em, just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement yelling stop!

Hook

There once was a saying that I used to say
Back in the day when I met Dre
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him
That's not happening, that I can't fathom
Eighty something million records worldwide,
Later I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator

Outro

Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit
This must be all that there is, this must be it
Fuckin-A even got a biday
Wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper
Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off
I can just toss a flying saucer in it
This shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator
Living in a house with a fucking elevator
[Aye yo Paul, It's Em
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing
And I know that he's not 'thrilled' about the video
What does he 'wanna be startin' somethin'?'
Well I'll show him who's really 'bad'
Paul, 'the way you make me feel' with these calls
You should really take a look at the 'man in the mirror'
And tell him to 'beat it' because I 'won't stop till I get enough'
Do you 'remember the time' we were watching the 'Billy Jean' video?
Well he'll always be that Michael to me
And it doesn't matter if he's 'black or white'
Because I 'can't stop loving him' and I hate plastic surgeons
And I hope they all fucking die!
How do you like that?
And I like him, I like him a lot
I want to touch him but I can't
Excuse me, I'm taking a shit
Sorry
Anyways, call me back
I have this idea about how I want to end the show
So, hit me when you get this message fucker
Oh, and by the way
No I don't have a new gun *click* (goddamn it)]
[Skit: Eminem & GPS]
Paul, yo, um
So I got your message, I wish you would answer the fuckin' phone
Um...
Turn right
No, I don't plan to reply to everybody who fuckin' says something fucked up about me
But I will say this, I was reading some comments last night about, like, what people are fuckin' saying about Revival
And uhh
Yo, this Yahoo mother fucker, whatever the fuck his name is, said I, literally said I rhymed "rhymes" with "chimes"
"Sucker free, confidence high
Such a breeze when I pen rhymes"
Turn right
Like, you don't understand I'm rhyming the entire fuckin' sentence you fuckin' moron
It's my fault 'cause you're fuckin' stupid
But I swear to God this motherfucker lives in Michigan and I think I figured out his address
And I'm on my way to his fuckin' house right now
Turn left
I'll hit you back later
[Verse 1: Joe Budden]

I'm the realest mo'fucker that I know
Wasn't always the case guess the figure had to grow
I do it for the love I don't do it for the dough
But I know these sucker figures will so they keep me on my toes
What's sad is I couldn't tell you what I'm hated for
And them painkillers didn't murder the pain they gave me more
These fans on my head now they say they want the old Joe
I grew up mature y'all can't see that this the old Joe
Want to see me lose every battle of depression
No matter what it do to me, no matter my regression
They want to see me fall, want to ruin my regiment from the start
Want to cut the beat off soon as I let em in my heart
I'd be the first to admit it, lost focus for a while
Sendin' unsolicited dick pics to dimwitted thick chicks
Was so high I lost track of my ways
Then I fell in love with a baby and got mad at her age
The way she act and behave, was it an act or a phase
How you trife when I gave you life
You was lacking in wage
You don't want say hi or speak to me
Bet you makin 200 dollars by weekly
Try to help the world out, bring some reparation
And forget being humble in a state of desperation
Ain't gotta ask what to help with no hesitation
And for me to deal with it I might need some meditation
I love you but its best we stay apart, segregation
And to cope with the feeling I might need some medication
Trust me I don't never want to see that side of Joe
It would kill us all slow, one reason I'm the realest mother-mother I know

[Verse 2: Royce da 5'9]

Its Nickle, riding round in that Maserati four seat
Symbol on the grill looking like Tony Stark's goatee
Best rapper alive and you know me
The most distinguished shooter that's coming up out of the D since Joe D
I take mines at lead point
At the risk of having to shave my garlic clove in a razor inside a fed joint
Hip hop is alive, but the rhymes died
Only fear I have is "world star" being yelled from my blind side
Don't get me wrong it ain't like I ain't never lost a fight
But these days I'm more like a lyrical artiste
I'm outlining everybody in chalk white
The off-beat deceased version of Dr. Narcisse
This ain't blueprint, your idolizing
You tryna jump fast that's foolish of you in my drunk past and handing me my pilot's license
That's plain stupid, your boys a star
Sitting in that drop top fish bowl and the doors ajar
Its ironic I remember when I couldn't afford a car
And now its back and forth, the black one or white one I call 'em Macklemore
And Lord Jamar, first we defyin' the odds
We not a group, we more like a circular firing squad
This not a booth, this is our house and we won't stop
We killed the cypher two times already
What you gon' give us an award?
But we won't stop for shutting down the internet
Now tell ya momma hi, and tell Rihanna we ain't finished yet

[Verse 3: Joell Ortiz]

When we step in that booth, that's when the flame enters
Best spit, make any set trip, yeah its the gang members
Waving that shady flag, navy jag
Matching the yank' fit, with the polo brief showing, due to the lazy sag
I'm in a crazy kind of place
I got this thing right on my waist that'll leave tears on your baby mommas face
So chill, I'm in a crazy kind of place, I got this thing below my waist
That'll leave kids on your baby mommas face, for real
The flow gets cracked, as it came in capsules
Your cap just started snapping
My starter caps was snapping
When cross color was cracking
And my cane was half full
With the half moon park, hope you rap dudes smart
Don't piss me off like the bathroom mop
You don't want it with me
If I'm throwing hooks at you, that don't mean the chorus for free
So save your jabs its way better
If I start throwing jabs I'm talking Zabs first three round against Mayweather
Yeah I'm a crook from the brook, that mastered how (?) shook turned notebook
Broke cook, I'm so dope look
Bring the beat back with no hook just bars
Just a thing of ours that make their pants drop, make em open up their bras
Move g-strings like guitars, that's nothing, that's something light
Like [?] at the bar
Y-A-O-W-A, if y'all ain't saying Yaowa by now you got nothing to say
This like NWO vs NWA, y'all like the rockers verse the Roc
Full of nothing but Jays
Check the rocks its nothing fugaz'
But don't get stupid my cupid clique will throw shots for a couple of days
Make it horny when we out, Amityville horror, y'all don't want it with the house

[Verse 4: Crooked I]

Slaughter season, y'all the reason
Real dudes I'm bringing some mo in, like a Polynesian
Sick with the llama squeezing, bullets flew and the chopper sneezing
Got your body and legs torn, but before you was airborne
You was bob and weaving still getting hit till your nos' is weazing
They set you deep in your coffin sleeping
I'm gone off the deep end, I'm a wolf, this industry my sheep skin
I'm out here hunting with my ink pen, I'm living like a kingpin
Doing it for my g's in the pen, dreaming about two-piecing a police chief's chin
You rappers something candy coated, I don't like suckers
I'm iron mike, I don't like busters
You looking for em' fly dudes like Orville and Wilbur
You got the Wright brothers, no bright jeans, no bright colours
I'm the second coming, the one that Pac predicted
Islamic and Christian,the flow so godly you got to listen
I backed you in a dodge (?) like MC Eiht in a L.A. hat
These rappers straight tryna dodge a menace
I'm looking at your videos, look like your watching tennis
Brothers dressed like Maria Sharapova wearing yoga pants
Meanwhile Big Poppa was rocking linens
I guess that era's over man, hold on
I'm splitting atoms when the scientific spitting is getting at em'
I give em' different patterns, they didn't fathom, they stealing my styles
Before me you didn't have em'
You rappers made in my image like when God was inventing Adam
Stab em in the abdomen when its crunch time
I truly flip like Mayweather pissed of at a movie script
Too many punchlines, family I'm amongst mine
I keep the peace like a monks mind
(?) fade your favorite barber
Leave you in an old bush like an unshaven Barbara
Don't stop what we doing, when you see L.A. your team will be ruined
This game need a new villain, I'm the kind to murder you on vine
Ooohh kill em'

[Verse 5: Eminem]

Role model?
I'll roll a model down a hill over broke bottles of coke products
If she don't swallow, and (?) till the bumper hit the throttle
While I'm tryna hit the pot holes, ill freaking take Madonna to Mcdonalds
Any (?) end up horizontal gett'n fondle, I don't cuddle, I don't coddle
Only motto that I follows any thing I drive, whether its a Navajo or a Tahoe
Its got a ho in it, nah ho, I don't got no freaking bronco
You looking for a buck, get a horse, fuck Tonto
I got a rusty Hondo with a bondo, and a box of condoms you little blond ho
Fuck me? fuck you too, like I'm at Bonnaroo booing Bono
And I ain't from this planet so nanu, nana, nanu
I'm untolerable, too volatile, screw it I don't got too make honor roll
To be on a roll, I don't know much, what I do know I do it pronto though
So knock it off, all these knock off me's, the last thing the world needs
Is another me, but if you think this is part 2 to recovery or love the way you lie part twelve
Or something heart felt, you bout to make a discovery, like you found Christopher Columbus' compass
And dumb it down for you dumb fucks, so suck it
I took your best punchline like a punch in the stomach
That punctured a lung punk and I'm still functioning from it
Chump it was nothing, now watch while I fuckin' one up it and toot my own horn
Once I think its something to trump it
And I don't need a fucking instrument to sound off, like the trunk of an elephant to triumphant
Return of the ether spitting retard, reborn, but chances of you having another re-birth, slim to none
Like a skinny Mother Theresa, give a fuck if its Easter, so kiss my keister
Cus that's the only thing ill turn the other cheek for
[Proof]

Ay, ay
Ay, you gotta stop it when the beat starts 
Taking to long starts 
Right there, start right there 
Aight bus 

[Kuniva]

Check my vocals, cause you know what I’m about 
It’s best to play like O.J. Simpson 
And I just stab out 
Why did you enter? 
You didn’t comprehend 
See this is a battle for mc’s 
Who think they might win
But fuck the battle 
Lets take it to the streets 
Cause you a pussy
Oh well, if you are what you eat 
Now you can go get your crew
(??) you now 
(??) me wrong (??)
And all this shit gon be blew out
Claiming you jumped (??)
Nigga you come in this bitch
You talk more shit that Reggie Miller
Never spent nothing more, nothing less
The first single you drop is, I wanna be fresh

[Proof]

Oooo
Whoaa
He look bald (??)
Oh my god

[Eminem]

Aiight, look
Any rapper sayin those kind of rhymes 
In this day and age 
In this period in time 
Trying to battle Eminem
Is worse than David Starr trying to battle 
Proof, Eye-Kyu, B-Flat, Bizarre 
(??)
That’s why you beg to differ me 
You ain’t got no style 
Plus you lack delivery 
Not to brag 
I don’t mean to boast 
Look my face is pale 
But you look like you seen a ghost 
(??)
You couldn’t slip in the zone 
If I put banana peels around this fuckin microphone 
So get a bulldozer 
Start from bottom to top 
And take this building down
Cause that’s the only way you ‘recking shop 

[Proof]

Yo, yo, yo, yo 
Who’s got my man Rondell?
Who’s go my man Eminem over here?
That’s my motherfuckin dawg
And Ron! You my dawg too
Obie Trice:
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness, that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed, became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days it's like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
Thats why there's curtains in this murder, if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school
Now look what he became, a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard, but still Juliard
A god walks in but aint spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this, I draw visual pictures when a ***** vents
So welcome to the art department

Eminem:
I stimulate the brain, mimic, emulate a saint
Cynic keep em' thinkin its a fuckin gimic when it ain't
Clinically insane, brain is on venus, fuck Uranus
Label me a genius, if you ever seen us you would say
He may seem as though he's plain, normal
If you ever meet him, greet him with a shake, see
He ain't as mean as what they say
See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say
So he's vague, so they mistake him for just bein' crazed
You part ways, your impression of him changed
You don't think he's strange, you turn around and tell him, "peace and thanks"
Then you catch him flippin you off, with his pants down
Hands around his scrotum, tuckin' his fuckin penis between his legs (aah!)

Obie Trice:
Obie the person that came up introverted
Cause of nervousness, that was solely the only verdict
It was worth it cause he changed, became so observant
Serving such of a purpose
If you knew him earlier in his days it's like a different version
So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain
Thats why there's curtains in this murder, if you gettin' worked up
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher
I had enough of isolating myself in a room
Writing poems and songs, doin' the same in school
Now look what he became, a fool?
Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you
Living hard, but still Juliard
A god walks in but aint spend a day in the pew
Regardless of this, I draw visual pictures when a ***** vents
So welcome to the art department

Eminem:
It's all psychologic, why am I so maniacal?
Am I a psycho or some kind of psychotic shtick? 
Or am I truly psychotic, or are my molecules just diabolical?
Cause biologically, I defy logic
By golly, haul me off on a trolly
Polly want a cracker, I'm back on that wacky tobacco
I'ma step away from crack, Obie smacked the shit outta me
I'm so slap happy, man, snap me back to reality
I'm a walkin' art gallery, a science museum
Elephantiasis of the nuts, you'd probably die if you see 'em
I pull em out, they hit the ground and probably crack the cement
I need an ambulance, I can't just put 'em back in my pants
(Help)
[50 cent]
Sh-sh-sh-shady
Aftermath, haha
G-G-G-G-G-Unit!, haha

[Chorus]
First we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
Cuz i don't ever wanna leave the game without
At least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

[Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor
One more time, get your ass up for the doctor
Come on now, here we go
Cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat
Get on down

[Dr. Dre]
Times up, games over, you lose, I win
'bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Ooh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means your something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back, too bad

[Eminem]
You're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whinin' and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
World-wide, we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin'

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
When dr. dre say crunk, you will get it crunk, get it crunk
Crunk, crunk, crunk
And when 50 cent says jump, you get on what and jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

[Dr. Dre]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta promote it for you to know that doc is off the benches

[Eminem]
We keep the party rockin' off the henges
We ain't showin' off, we just goin' off popular consensus

[Dr. Dre]
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off
Who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, cuz Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (what)
We gon' have this mutherfucker hoppin' in a second (bump bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass

[Eminem]
Cuz we done swam with the sharks, wrestle with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap
Maybe raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Grace the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the cape crusaders
And leave it to me and Dre to pass the mic
And we can play the back and forth all day
Like the hot potato game, thats why we came to

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
50 cent, come on!

[50 Cent]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty money involved

[Dr. Dre]
And plenty honey's involved, the sunny Sunday's and palm trees
Cali, everyday it's just another party from the valley's
All the way to them 8 Mile alleys, let's rally

[Eminem]
Hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre is about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week

[Dr. Dre]
You could catch me in the studio bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speaker

[Eminem]
So nervous, ain't never cuz Shady Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the-the Doc (and Shady)
No one could do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a strand of evidence and uh

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Yeah, haha
Still Aftermath, 2006
And don't worry about that Detox album
It's comin', we gonna make Dre do it, haha
50 cent, G-unit, Obie Trice, D-twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre
We ain't leavin', let's go! haha
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for comin' out, peace!
Oh shit, I almost forgot
You're comin' with me (gun shots)
Haha, bye bye!
See you in hell, fuckers.
[Intro]
CD's ain't selling no more anyways man...
Look at SoundScan
I really don't think it matters if...

[Chorus]
Everything I do is number one that makes you two
And that spells trouble for me and you
'Cause that's how beef starts between crews
And I don't mind if I debut at number two
So why do you? If we make money
And why can't you be satisfied with what you do?

[Verse]
It's like our legacy's pregnant, we're planting eggs every record
They're beggin' me to release a CD every other second
But don't expect it, 'cause every time I get hit with that question
I just deflect it, get Cashis or 50's record and check it
And Buck is out like get these motherfuckers out 'fore I smack 'em
Plus T.I. just dropped an album now, go out and get that one
And I got a whole stable of artists who's able and fully capable
Of holdin' a label 'til I figure out when I'm ready to drop
Or maybe not, Shady, look how hot you were on top
You were pop, you were so popular, now you're not
You're all washed up entrepreneur, how's it possible?
Well, it's not, if your little fickle minds would've caught on, but you didn't
See, I don't rap for the green, I mean, I ain't greedy
But I also know what it's like to be needy, and I will never
Go back to poverty, see, it ain't easy to try to step
Away from entertainment, separate it from CDs
And everyday it just seems like we're beefin', even the media's
Meat eaters, they gotta give you something to read
Or you won't buy it, believe what you wanna believe
Let 'em feed to you the BS, P.S., peace to T.I
You gon be 'aight and we out

[Chorus (fading)]
Everything I do is number one that makes you two
And that spells trouble for me and you
'Cause that's how beef starts between crews
And I don't mind if I debut at number two
So why do you? If we make money
And why can't you be satisfied with what you do?

[Spoken Outro]
Peace!
Hold your head up on 'em!
You know how we do what we gonna do
When we do it and we don't give a fuck what you're doin'
We gon' touchdown! Back up in the private charter plane!
We gon' touchdown! You know we gon' get it crackin' man!
We gon' touchdown! I told you ain't no way to keep 'em quiet
With T.I. and Shady, baby, they gon' make a bigger riot
When we touchdown!
Woke up with an attitude today
Not in the mood to play (nah)
Might start a feud with Dre (yeah)
And ask him to shoot the fade (what it do?)
All I do is spray, spew the hate while I fuel the flames
Who to blame for my screwed-up brain?
You could say, in the booth, I'm A-human A-to-the-K (aww)
(Hailie, look) Look at them two little beautiful (yeah)
Pewter gray poodles, how cute are they? (The fuck?)
Well, looks like them pooches are screwed today (I'm)
Stuck in my ruthless ways (yep), and I refuse to change (yep)
Nothin' to lose or gain (nope), guess I just choose to stay
Evil (yeah), I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
'Cause I'm evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people (yeah)
My medicines cabinet's big enough to fit a cab in it
Tablets, I spit like half of this capsule
It's travelin' like a javelin
Through my abdomen, my stomach's unravelin'
Might end up havin'
Slim say some shit you feel fucked up for laughin' at, yeah
And I'm phenomenal at it (what?), and that's problematic (what?)
But if y'all fanatics (huh?), maybe I'm your habit (yeah)
And I got all the dope (what?)
Too, send me all them addicts (get 'em all)
And watch me shoot 'em up (pew, Pew) like semi-automatics (come on)
Slim snaps like a chin-strap
Had my share of lows, yeah, now I'm the exact (what?)
Oppsite Just like a prostitute when she's gettin' smacked (now)
Pimp slaps, only way I'm hittin' my bottom
Bitch (yeah, tahe 'em back)
I was five when they tried to say I stuck a live grenade
Up inside a microwave, I behave like a child, ayy
Even when stakes are high as the price of Angus, I filet
By the way, I think I just gave Skylar Gray Hepatitis A (ew)
But when it's sink-or-swim
I just say, "It's not me, it's him" (sorry)
There's a demon who's deep within
All I need is MD, or weed, or Henny
Or Jim Beam, or Remy, or Seagram's Gin
Just to get underneath your skin, I would like you to meet my twin
Evil (yeah), I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
'Cause I'm evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people (look it up, Yeah)
Holy shit, Cait' Jenner just flipped (yo)
Told me knock this shit off and quit, and get off her dick (damn)
And I've had a bad day, I just slapped Dre
Do not tell me what I can't say (why?)
That's gay (what's wrong with that?)
And not the good kind of gay either (what?)
Where two men fuck each other and hate beaver (woah)
What the fuck? Wait, we've established
I'm straight, see, the (no)
Way they try to make me the devil, the atheist (oh)
Shit can get a lot worse, these are my first thoughts
Johnny Walker, this is my third shot (yeah)
And I don't stop 'til the shots heard, pops for blocks
Got the Mossberg cocked (what?)
Couple choppers, two Glocks, a 2Pac shirt, doctors, and boxers dropped
Lookin' akward as I walk into Oxford (stop, the fuck?)
So much ammunition, I sweat lead
And just bought you a new bedspread for your deathbed (ha)
And I just got it made like Special-Ed said
Word to Redman, I'm a meth-head
Used to get fed pet meds by my redneck stepdad
'Til I beat his ass to death with a cassette deck (ah)
So much bloodshed that when he bled from his head gash (yeah)
It's kinda like I'm a bookworm (huh?)
'Cause I ain't stoppin' 'til everything gets read
Call this sex-ed with a splash of necrophilia (what?)
'Cause when I say that I'm really the evilest
I'm fuckin' deadass (I'm fuckin' deadass, haha)
Maybe what I need now more than likely's a psych eval'
Mama, how do you like me now? (Huh?)
Are you proud of me yet, Debbie? (Huh?)
I done turned my whole life around
But I think I'm just like you now because I turned out so fuckin'
Evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
'Cause I'm evil, I'm so evil
Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral
I'm so evil, so evil
It's obvious that I am not like other people
Lord please forgive me for what I do
For I know not what I've done

[Chorus]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Momma had a baby and it's head popped off
(head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off)
My momma don't want me, the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off
(gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off)
Ring ring ring, on the door bell and the next door neighbors on their front porch
(their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch)
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone elses lawn
(elses lawn, elses lawn, elses lawn)
Till somebody finally took me in, my great aunt, uncle Edna 'n Charles
(Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles, Edna 'n Charles)
They were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary they gang up on me and sang this song
(sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song)
It went a little something like mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn
Momma why do they keep saying this I just dont understand, understand
And by the way, where's my dad?

[Chorus]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Predominantly, predominantly, everythings always predominantly
Predominantly white, predominantly black
But what about me, where does that leave me
Well I guess that I'm between predominantly both of 'em
I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'mma scream
While I'm projectile vomiting, what do I look like, a comedian to you?
Do you think that I'm kidding?
What do I look like some kind of idi-wait a minute, shit, don't answer that
Why am I so misunderstood?
Why do I go through so much bullshit, it sucks bullshit,
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again
Whining about his millions and his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
From the dad he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife how they go at it
Man I'd hate to have it, as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it
I can't imagine it, that little rich poor white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out the bank and take a bath in it
Man, if i only half of it, If you only knew the half of it.

[Chorus]
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds
Please release me from these deamons
I never had any of this shit planned ma, please believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry
Now look at all the pain I caused
This Santa Clause, why you not comin' this year again
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this
Everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoist up in the air
Forty feet below me, there's people everywhere
I don't even know what it feel like, they know me cuz I'm in this ferris wheel
And all i wanna do is go to the mall and take hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now, doe see doe now, curtains up, the show must go now
Ring around the rosie, the shows over, you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame is supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off and on, this ain't what I chose to be
So please god, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
Till I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone

[Chorus x2]
[Intro:]
Yeah, I was tryin' to figure out the difference
But I think...  I think the lines are starting to get blurry

[Verse 1:]
I'm in a strange place
I feel like Mace when he gave up the game for his faith
I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints
Grimming every stranger in the place while I gaze into space
'Cause I'm mentally rearranging his face
I need a change of pace 'cause the pace I'm working at is dangerous
There's nowhere to dump this anger and thanks to this angst
I done quit chicken heads in cold turkey and started slowly roasting 'em
'Cause that's where most of my anger is based
Fuck your feelings, I feel like I play for the Saints
I just want to hurt you, aim for the skanks
Then aim for all these fake Kanye's, Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's
I'm frustrated 'cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack
I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack
I'm going all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is
I'm strapped for battle sucka-duck, crawl out the back, its a bar fight
Prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools flying through the air
And bottles breaking, mirrors also
And I ain't stopping 'til the swear jar's full
You done called every woman a slut, but you forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin)
Oh my bad, slut
And next time I show up to court I'll be naked and just wear a lawsuit
Judge be like "That's sharp, how much that motherfucker cost you?
Smart ass, you're lucky I don't tear it off you
And jump your bones, you're sexy motherfucker
You're so fucking gravy, Marshall, I should start calling you "au jus"
'Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo.
Evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you."
I believe people can change, but only for the worse
I could've changed the world if it wasn't for this verse
So satanic K-mart chains panic
'Cause they can't even spin back the curse words
'Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker
(rape your mother, kill your parents)

And these kids are like parrots
They run around the house just like terrorists
Screaming "fuck, shit, fuck"
Adult with a childish-like arrogance
Wild ever since the day I came out I was like "merits, fuck that"
I'd rather be loud and I like swearing
From the first album even the gals were like "tight lyrics, dreamy eyes"
But my fucking mouth was nightmarish
And from the start of it you felt like you were a part of this
And the opposition felt the opposite
Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums
Often as I can and skim through all them bitches
To make sure I keep up with my competition
(ha ha) Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes
Borderline genius who's bored of his lines
And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now
Feel like I might just strike first and ignore the replies

[Hook:]
There’s darkness closin' in (evil twin)
There it goes again (my evil twin),
It controls my pen (my evil twin),
But that ain’t me, it’s my evil twin
(then I step out and see my evil twin he gives me an evil grin)
But he’s just a friend (evil twin),
Who pops up now and again (again)
So don’t blame me (evil twin)
Blame him, it’s my evil twin

[Interlude:]
Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend
You have slept for quite some time

[Verse 2:]
So who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber
Nah, F with Christina, I ain't fucking with either Jessica neither
Simpson or Alba, my albums just sicker than struck with the fever
Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve or Extra Strength Tylenol 3’s
Feel like I'm burning to death, but I'm freezin'
Bed-ridden and destined never to leave the
Bedroom ever again like the legend of Heather Ledger
My suicide notes, barely legible read the
Bottom, it's signed by The Joker
Lorena said I never can leave her
She'd sever my wiener I ever deceive her
Fuck that shit, bitch
Give up my dick for pussy, I'd be Jerry Mathers
I'd ever left it to Beaver
Get them titties cut off trying to mess with a cleaver
Golly-wally  I vent, heat register, Jesus
Ever since 1-9-9-4-6 Dresden it was definitely my destiny
When on the steps I met Deshaun at Osborn
I'd never make it to sophomore
I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors
Flip burgers and wash dishes while I wrote rhymes trying to get props for 'em
'Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em
They were sleeping, I made them stop snorin'
Made them break out the popcorn
Now I've been hip hop in its tip top form
Since N.W.A. was blaring through my car windows leaning on the horn
Screaming "fuck the police" like cop porn
Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn
Fuck top 5, bitch, I'm top 4
And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore
And I got an evil twin, so who the fuck you think that's 3rd and that 4th spot's for?
And crazy as I am I'm much tamer than him
And I'm nuts, then again who the fuck wants to plain Eminem?
But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that evil grin (evil twin)
Please come in, what was your name again?
Hi, faggot
Look who's back with a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there
Two rabbits, a koala bear and a ball of hair
And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs
Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's just small up there
Peace to Whitney, geez, just hit me
That I should call the loony police to come get me
'Cause I'm so sick of being the truth I wish someone’d finally admit me
To a mental hospital with Britney
Oh, LMFAO, no way, Jo-
Se Baez couldn't beat this rap, OJ no
Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony
Hey ho, hey ho
I sound like I'm trying to sing the fucking chorus to hip hop hooray
No, I'm hollering, you got bottom in like an 8-0-8
And a base whether we're fucking of that instead of your face, so
Let your low-end raise, yo
Tango, what you think, ho?
Slow dancing or bowling
You trying to hold hands with your homie?
What? You think I'm looking for romance 'cause I'm lonely?
Change that tune, you ain't got remote chance to control me
Hoe, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner
Superman tried to fuck me over, it won't hurt
Don't try to fix me, I'm broke so I don't work
So are you, but you're broke 'cause you don't work
But all bullshit aside I hit a stride
Still Shady inside, hair every bit is dyed
As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side
And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize
'Cause we are the same, bitch
[Refren] 
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)

[Zwrotka 1] 
(Ohh yeahh god) I never seen no shit like this,
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick of course it is,
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her, fucks like a porn star, looks like Jenna,
Fack I'm gonna,
Cum I think my rubbers comin' off,
But oh its so fuckin' wet and soft,
Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off
I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off,
And she's on top, I'm gonna fackin', oh god,
Oh don't do that, don't, stop
Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop!
Ow wait a minute, ow ow fuck I, I'm gonna fuckin' cam aaaaa!! *squirt squirt squirt* 

[Refren] 
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)

[Zwrotka 2] 
Oh wow, boo that pow, ooh ow I need a cigarette now!
Oh I'm so fucking hot, and you're so fucking hot,
Oh my god, I wanna fackin' fack
No not fuck, I said fack ,
F-A-C-K, F-A-C-K, fack, fack fack fackin' freak me!
Oh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr freaky,
Let's call your sister 3-way, have some threesome, me so horny
And you're such a fuckin' babe I wanna go down on you, fuck you shave!
Ohh god damn, here I go again, I'm gonna cum I am!

[Refren] 
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)

[Zwrotka 3] 
OK I'm done, I already came twice,
You ain't gonna make me cam,
I'm all outta gas, not so fast! uh your finger just went in my ass!
Ow that hurts! take it out now
Oh wait a minute oww put it back in, in in in
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men
I like boobs, boobs, boobs, now see that gerbil, grab that tube,
Shove it up my butt,
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uhh,
Yeah, right there, right there,
Ah I'm coming ah yeah,
Fack, I just came again, okay pull it out now,
Oh fuck yeah, wait he's not out he's still crawling around up there,
Ow fuck I think it's stuck
Oh but it feels so fackin' good!

[Refren] 
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)

[Outro] 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube! 
Ew ew ew eww
[Intro: Eminem & Justin Vernon]
You know, everybody's been tellin' me what they think about me for the last few months
It's too loud
Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Three's not a crowd all up in it
Slow fire
Don't fall on my face
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
Don't fall on my–

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Gotta concentrate against the clock I race
Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace
Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre in that first marijuana tape
Guess I got a chronic case
And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your momma's face
I know this time Paul and Dre, they won't tell me what not to say
And though me and my party days have all pretty much parted ways
You'd swear to God I've forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid"
One last time for Charlemagne
If my response is late, it's just how long it takes
To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away
These rappers are like Hunger Games
One minute, they're mocking Jay
Next minute, they get they style from Migos, then they copy Drake
Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away
But all the hate I call it "Walk on Water" gate
I've had as much as I can tolerate
I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience
I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once
You wanted, Shady? You got it!

[Chorus: Eminem & Justin Vernon]
Don't fall on my face
Yeah
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Don't fall on my fate
line 'em up!
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Rrr
Don't fall on my fate
Look

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it
Or have his body baggage zipped
The closest thing he's had to hits is smacking bitches
And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks
Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly
Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot
Lacking with it, "he ain't spittin like this on his last shit"
Ho, you better go back and listen
You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow up, let up
Call it trap 'cause it's a total setup
Hopin' that you rappers fall in that
Dre said, "Hold your head up"-Kathy Griffin 
Stackin' ammunition, slap the clip and cock it back on competition, this is how I shot ahead (pew)-Gabby Giffords.
My attack is vicous, Jack the Ripper, back in business.
Tyler create nothing, I see why you called yourself a faggot, bitch
It's not just 'cause you lack attention
It's 'cause you worship D12's balls,you're sack-religious
If you're gonna critique me, you better at least be as good or better
Get Earl, the Hooded Sweater, whatever his name is to help you put together some words, more than two letters
The fans waited for this moment like that feature when I stole the show (ha), sorry if I took forever (haha)

[Chorus: Eminem & Justin Vernon]
Don't fall on my face
Yeah
Don't fall on my faith, oh
I won't
Don't fall on my fate
line 'em up!
Don't fall on my faith, oh
Ha
Don't fall on my fate
It's too easy

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Just remember–I was here before you
And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you
Detractors , I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew
Just what the doctor ordered
Revenge is the best medicine
Increase the dose, from least to most
Then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves, they suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches
So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to 'em
See the show, every parasite needs a host
Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of
All I know is I wrote every single word of everything I ever murdered
Time to separate the sheep from goats
And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts
When rap needed it most, I was that wing and a prayer
A beacon of hope, put a B-I-R-D in the air
Somewhere, some kid is bumping this while he lip-syncs in the mirror
That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care
But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary in my pocket 
How I'm buryin' these artists
On a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus'
Mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly'
And what's scary is you probably
Can compare me to your car 'cause I'm just barely gettin' started
And far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone
Or I'll show you an Elvis clone
Walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone
Use your telephone and go fetch me the remote
Put my feet up and just make myself at home
I belong here, clown, don't tell me 'bout the culture
I inspired the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the
Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh
Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, piss and moan
But I'm not gonna fall… bitch!

[Chorus: Justin Vernon]
It's too loud
Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot
It's too loud
Threes not a crowd all up in it
Slow fire
[Hook: Lazie Boi]
Cause baby I'm lonely
Can somebody hold me
It feel like I'm fallin now, I can't hold my ground
It feels like I'm only
Trying but slowly
It feels like I'm fallin now, I can't hold my ground
No more

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Probably one of my realest loves ever, four page letters
In time it’s all better, ‘cause time heal whatever
I'mma need a moment cause moments last forever
Cars with cream leather, females are on regular
What’s the point in titles, we liking it how they tell us
I’d rather stay friends with benefits 'til we ready
Now ready, Sean Don got me feeling heavy
She like one more chance, more problems, no Biggie, ah
It’s all good, don’t take it the wrong way
Ain’t nothing personal, but who this nigga in your face?
We can leave together or you can take your space
The night young, we should head over to my place
Ha, now we laughing and all that
Tell your friend they can fall back
Ain’t even gotta ask twice
She said what you feeling like?
I'm like...

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care
My enemies crack corn but I don't care

You can be black white or albino yeah
You can have cornrows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head

A little bit psycho but I know that
Think you just don't say it and I won't say it
See if you don't brag then I don't brag
I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit
You can just keep making them tired old threats
Little bit like the boy who cried wolf did
See me but don't dare to try no shit
Cuz you know that somewhere inside those layers
The rattlesnakes right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quite and strike so fast
Like lightening bolts right out the sky go blast

[Hook]
For what it's worth
You were a slut at birth
If the world had a dick
You'd fuck the Earth
I tried to get over you
It doesn't work
You're still a cunt
I'm still a fucking jerk
Same as it ever was, yeah
Say it'll change but it never does
Ain't gonna ever 'cause
You're the cause of my pain and the medicine
Never met someone who played games with my head as much
Fate tethered us together like two felons
Must've fell in love with skeletons
Everyone's got 'em, thought that you were Cinderella but
Feels like I slept with the wicked stepmother
But how the hell am I
Still in love with the motherfucking chick there's at least a million of
They say love the one you quit
But this shit is killing us
I lust on some other shit
I'm a glutton for punishment
You're the gloves, I'm the punching mitts
It's above and beyond us
Cuffing, I'm shoving the girl I love inside of an oven
If I catch you sucking another dick
You better unsuck it, you snuck in the crib and tried to jump under the covers again
Why am I tucking you in?
Probably 'cause

[Chorus]
I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

[Verse 2]
Wanna hold you, wanna choke you, wanna love you
Wanna hate you, wanna kill you, wanna hurt you
Wanna heal you, yeah
Wanna lose you, keep you bruised
You be the abuse you treat, you mutual
It's juvenile, delusional, it's usual
You're beautiful, I'm average
I'm brutal, you're a savage
My ride or die chick who's always cruising for a bruising
Yeah it's kinda like we're tryna light a dynamite stick
Though we might get along like shit
Fight, hit, fight, spit, unite, split
Yeah, you're awful, but you're mine
And they say love is blind, we see each other fine
But it's no wonder, I'm the only one you'll find
To put up with your shit, I need a plumber line (Yeah)
But nothing comes to mind besides a number 90
'Cause since '06 you flipped my fucking life, upside down
Now the sky's ground, look at my frown, it's a smile now
Look at my mouth, it's my eyebrows, make it rain upwards
We're on the ninth cloud, two insane lovebirds
I should fly south, 'cause man am I great and land in myself
But I'm just plain stubborn, I'm outtie five thou'
But this is my house, bitch you get out
Then we duke it out, then it dies down
Then we say, "Fuck it", cry our eyes out
Then...

[Chorus]
I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

[Verse 3]
This relationship is all that it's cracked up to be
Never lack lust in that 'cause we act nuts
'Cause that's what attracts us
Trick you with a back rub
Tell you to relax then dump your ass in the bathtub
Yeah, now that's love, may sound pathetic
But fuck the world 'cause they out to get us
I love you but I won't exchange vows
Hey now, don't get carried away
No way I'll get married, it'll take a rain cloud to wet us
Yeah, but we're so insane about each other
May take the same route and way out as junior stay out
Break out Berettas lay down in bed and blow our brains out together
Who knows how it's gonna play out?
A weathered desk where our ending would be
One of us shot in the back while attempting to flee
But I go to bat for you, defending your honor
Yeah, no contingency fees, something will not knock
We're not pretending to be, don't cost a penny to be with me
Time we're spending is free, we could be broke as a joke
Won't make a difference to me, don't have to give me a thing
Could've been a 50 cent ring from out of a vending machine
Love unconditionally, there's no other fish in the sea
Guess I'm a prisoner see, addiction is a disease

[Chorus]
I gotta tell myself another lie
'Cause that's what helps to get me by
'Cause I'm in Hell
This is my goodbye, farewell

[Outro]
Love you girl, do you feel the same?
I don't wanna play games, no games, ahh
You're the only that can out my flame
Baby, just play it straight, straight, no games, ahh
[Intro: Ty Dolla $ign & Eminem]
Nah, for real, you know what I'm sayin'? Like
Like music's my first love, right?
But what it turned into is like
You know, these, these cats got it now, she just like a ho
(They ain't doin' it now to make music)
You know what I mean? (Yeah)
It's not real (Yeah)
Switched it up, then everybody—
Done changed the shit on that damn—
Yeah, everybody done ran through it
Mumble rappin'
Ain't no more substance in shit
Right, right
They don't treat it the way it needs to be treated
I kinda want that old thing back

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Yeah, I was young, I was hungry
I was chasin' the bag at twenty-one, I was lucky
To find an unеaten fucking (What?) honeybun I forgot about
Now I got money falling out, fiftiеs, hundreds, and twenties (Twenties)
And I know nothing is funny 'bout the Manchester bombing
But we got something in common (What?), both of us are alarming
Foul, disgusting, and awful (Yeah), so repugnant and ugly (Yup)
I could give the Boston Marathon a run for its money, yeah
And you could say I'm a little bit immature
But this type of literature got me a little richer
But I get insecure when them other dudes hit on you, girl
You're letting 'em fiddle with your clitoris
Remember you were my fucking—
[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]
You used to be my favorite bitch
Things'll never be the same, ain't it funny how you changed
Up and flipped the script?
You done let a bunch of lames fall through and complain
That I can't permit
You ain't have to do it like that, told you I'll be right back
Look what you did, I need a new chick
Like the music, I had to bounce on my favorite bitch

[Verse 2: Eminem, Eminem & Ty Dolla $ign]
Always hated my smile
Mama told me it's goofy
I'd get picked on at school
Come home and she'd school me
She never sugarcoated it to me
She said if I wasn't so stupid and ugly, I wouldn't always get bullied (True)
I think of my struggles (Yeah) and get emotional
Could be 'cause how behind the eight-ball and far in the hole that they put me
Now I'm on a roll like a Tootsie (Yeah)
I'm just trollin' you pussies
But I'm like a stroller 'cause you'll see just how I roll if you push me
But that's what I do this music for
When I was goin' through some of the hardest times, I drew from her
But she's like the devil 'cause I just can't let loose of her
Plus the thought of losin' her makes me wanna just let loose on her
Then I hit the studio, tryna rendezvous with her
Tell her, "It's a butt-dial girl," yeah, booty call (Haha)
That's how it used to be, 'cause you and me, we ruled the world
And we made Curtis blow (Fifty)
Fuck, I miss them days
[Chorus: Ty Dolla $ign]
You used to be my favorite bitch
Things'll never be the same, ain't it funny how you changed
Up and flipped the script?
You done let a bunch of lames fall through and complain
That I can't permit
You ain't have to do it like that, told you I'll be right back
Look what you did, I need a new chick
Like the music, I had to bounce on my favorite bitch

[Interlude: Eminem]
You fuckin' leavin' me, bitch?
I don't think so, sit your motherfuckin' ass down
I swear to God, you run to that door
I'ma put one in the back of your fuckin' head
I'ma ask you this one time
The answer better be, "Yes"

[Verse 3: Eminem & Ty Dolla $ign]
Would you marry me again?
Now that everything is changed (Yeah)
It'll never be the same (Nah)
As the era whence we came (Who?)
From Nas to Pac, Rak' (Yeah), Eric B. and Kane (I know)
But I know a few from this era that are lyrically insane
And although most are never gonna hit the level Cole or Weezy at
Or be emotionally attached to Yo! MTV Raps (Yeah)
Runnin' home from school to catch an episode
The feeling that it gave you to rip the plastic off the tape
You hold and peel it back, yeah
Tear it off, then play it (What?)
I swear to God, four o'clock
We'd crowd around the TV, Butter in his underwear and socks
When Nani was Kon Artis (Yeah) and Proof had his hair in locs (Doody)
Yeah, back when Flavor Flav had us wearing clocks
(Back when) Back when Ed Lover (Yeah)
When there was two Dr. Dre's, that's a paradox (Pair of Docs)
But I never thought I'd get so jealous
At the thought of letting you go psychologically
It's gonna bother me, my eyes are already watery
Part of me don't wanna stop (Yeah) 'til I get you back
'Cause I gotta put the work in and tell you I'm never givin' this up
Other part wants to tell you just to get fucked
Go back to whatever dick that you sucked (Ah)
Get back together with them, you slut
Givin' up the vagina like a trip to the gynecologist
When I helped you become bigger than you were
But I guess that it slipped your mind, you must be biding your time
Looking for someone to come along that'll make you feel like I did back when you were mine, huh? (Damn)
But truthfully, it was never really you and me exclusively
And there's too many new MC's you can choose between
But no matter how many motherfuckers ran through
Bet they can't do it like me
But I can't keep burnin' the candle at both ends
And I can't handle it when I leave and you find another one
Now I gotta take this beat and dismantle it
I won't grieve when I kill you
But if I can't have you, bitch, nobody can
Hear me? I used to be your favorite, bitch
People chanting eminem
Paper folding/tearing
Footsteps
Door open and slam shut
More footsteps
Gun reloading
Sigh
[Verse 1]
Another day, another hotel, the inside of it's nice though
Oh well, this is my life so as I go and try to close for the nights show
See how far that line goes, still blows my mind, show business
Guess I'll never get some of this shit just always feels so weird
To this day cause all I ever did
Was just say the shit I would've wanted to hear
Other people say to me when I was a kid
So please don't make me some type of hero
Cause I will say some inspirational shit in a real way but will still have a field day
With some of the fucked up shit in the world and tell it to suck a dick
Cause I still make fun of a situation
Someone's in like a son of a bitch at anothers expense
I'm fuckin' relentless as fuck when it comes to this pen
I struggle with coming to senses
Stuck on the fence on a balance beam if I seem unbalanced
It's challenging but my conscience allows me to think
The most foulish childish things without even blinking
Without even thinkin' about, all the stinkin' amounts of people that seem to be reachin' in the crowds
I'm scream in the palace, sold out this evening
But now it's, maybe down to sleeping
Is it really my soul to keep or
Have I sold it cheap is it greed
Do I take more than I need
When I joke of leavin'
But keep over achievin'
Cause what it's stole from me I've barely broken even

[Hook]
It's a fine, fine line
It's a fine, fine line

[Verse 2]
So I notice how I paint myself
And through my hair when ordeals I'm so vain
I want my respect but ignore the
Butterfly effect that comes from my dialect
Till I, sit in the dark and I reflect
And my reflection shows what it's like here
Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights, yeah
It's like a nightmare
I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a nightmare
And I don't like how I see myself, so I open the Bible to Isaiah
Cause I swear to Christ there are nights where I stay up at night
And say a prayer twice just to make sure God hears cause this ice layer
I skate on's a nice way of putting it but I like stands
Feistier then a triceritops and like a dice player
I got a nice paradise here, sealed off in my lair
Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit
From this house it's quite big, but it ain't when you can't leave it
And I feel so isolated, nice I made it
But it's like I paid the price of fame twice, I hate it
So I bitch about my life then make another song, it's a cycle ain't it
Then I wonder why I'm still famous
I keep walkin' the line
This gold fish poke it's old
But especially when you don't know
If your conscience is sayin' I told you so
Cause you don't even know anymore if you got the soul of a soldier
Or you sold your soul

[Hook]

[Bridge]
And from here you look so small
Hovering high above us all
Please come back, to me

[Verse 3]
I still remember the times when
They were simpler than the rhymes of
Vanilla Ice were when I was just killin' the mics
I'll never forget what that feeling was like
I miss those times now when I was just starting out
Without a dime and, now I'm diamond
I can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been
Stuck in this house hibernatin'
Hate even going outside it
Sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk in Target and look at shit Browse, I don't even want to buy nothin'
I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it
Look how excited I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and
Everything about it I miss, which now reminds me
Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz
Wow, I must have had Alzheimers
Long time since I shouted them out, bout time
Cause it's been on my mind lately how
Zee, you always supported me
You vouched, I will never forget that and
How you guys, accepted me for me and Pace
I love you too, you slept on my couch
And I been thinkin' 'bout the time when I slept on the floor at the outhouse
Rhyming's all we ever wanted to do
And regardless how life has turned out
Inside I'm, I'll always be an outsider
My life has been turned inside out but I

[Hook]
(First Word, Excrement)

Exclimate, is that what you said?
My next defense, against these extra men
Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again

(Vaseline)

You little sickass, I'll spray em with gasoline
They try to jack me off with Vaseline
My ass is mean, I smash your spleen
When I crash the scene

(Cell Phone)

With a cell phone, now who the hell is home?
Y'all can't tell Paul how to throw me words

(Animal Crackers)

Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards
Ha ha, I got it, that's not it
Fake rappers been spotted

(Broken Headphones)

Like broken headphones, you head home, you sped home
You get your head blown, rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones
So I ain't trying to hear them, give me another, word for your mother

(Stretch Armstrong)

Stretch Armstrong, my brother, coming with rhymes every time that I be drumming
Running with this shit when I kick a bitch in the stomach
And star wars, this car's a Taurus
Yo, how many bars we hit tonight, cause I'm drunk off

(Peanut Butter)

Off peanut butter, you see my dick and you start to stutter
Start to utter, words that you shouldn't utter

(Mark Whalberg)

Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd, and I'mma step on him like dogshit
A fore fist, so rappers just get off it, I come across with

(Pulp Fiction)

With pulp fiction, yo I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction
Like slurpees, got herpes, got a hair piece, rest my anises[?]
Got brain damage, I'm dumber than rain man is
There's mayonnaise on this, I need a plain sandwich
Hurry up, give me one, rappers try to step to this static they wanna give me none

(Fresh vegetables)

With fresh vegetables, my testicles are hanging off to the left of you
You're bisexual, and there's a guy next to you, standing, rappers know that I
Be-

(Preparation H)

Preparation H, you didn't even let me finish my rhyme
Just shut up for one more time, while I just shine, on this
Microphone, cause I'mma be honest, any MC who tries to step to this
I'm making you a promise, that what? Give me a word

(Nostradamus)

That Nostradamus is blowing up your house, killing your foster mammas
And coming back to get your parents, well I have it
These rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold
Rappers step to me, you get your wallet stole

(Times Square)

In Times Square, I got blonde hair, I'm higher than con air
Rappers don't want to see me, I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare
In a lawn chair, cause I'm there

(Kurt Russell)

With Kurt Russell, saying "come here Goldie, you want my love muscle?"
I know you want it, I get blunted, then I
Kick these, freestyles just like whipped knees

(Taxicab)

With a taxicab, I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad
Where we going? Don't ask me dad
Leave me alone, I'm not trying, to even hear you
Dad, I hope you're fucking dying, off this porno mag
Yo, did you see my ad? Yo, wait a minute, did you see my ass?
Is what I meant to say, I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary
For the century, Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest

(Flamingos)

What? Flamingos? My mother goes out and plays bingo
Every single day, at the bingo hall, that's why my dick is single, small
Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff?
Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff?

(DT's fired)

But DT's fired, he's retired, he's not hired, yo plus I'm tired
Of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop, I'm on top
Taking records to the pawnshop, stretch
Damn, see my big ick? Catch
Put a D in front of it, rappers don't want none of it
Coming with a ton of shit to spill, Slim Shady out, I get ill with the skill
Baby, aight baby, Slim Shady
Kick eighty million rhymes, till I'm older than Grady
Spilled gravy, all over my damn navy blue avi
Bye bye
Bridge: (Just Blaze)
Some people ask me
Where I've been lately
They thought I fell off
Nobody can save me
They play in the background
I don't back down
So don't get it twisted
Or try to play me
First I come out
They under rate me
Then I come back
They still try to fade me
They say I'm nasty
They say I'm crazy
Ask what I think
And I say maybe...

Chorus:
I'll fly away (fly away)
There ain't nothin in the way so I may as well fly away (fly away)
There ain't nothin else to say so I may as well fly away (fly away)
I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gonna die today (die today)
Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go
The only way you see me is if you looking up from down below (down below)
And there's nothing else to say so I may as well fly away (yayy---A-A-A-A)
I'm on top of this game so I may as well fly away (A-A-A)

Verse One (Eminem)
Got my self esteem back
Got my confidence up
I'm gonna step up on this stage now
I'm gonna strut
And walk around with my pants hanging off of my butt
And you ain't bout to tell me nothin boy get off of my nuts
And goes one for the money, two for the show
My shit don't stink, I don't think so
Whipe my ass with the tissue
And roll it back up in the roll
Are you ready now, here we go
The bald eagle has landed
I'm back in your hair, sorry for leaving you stranded
I'm twice as dreaded, evil, and rancid
They can't sit, I don't think anybody understands it
Especially when the world's silly putty in your hands
It's playdoe
I back to play, no
They say he died in a fetal
Car crash, shows what they know
Shit if I did, it'd be a trailer not a car
The white trash star
I fuck an RV up like Brett Favre
Homie you got it backwards
You're dipping your soup inside your crackers
I can carry rap til my back hurts
Set it down, go right back to the kyropractors (spelled so bad I know, suck it)
Get my back right then I'm right back on you bastards
I was chasing the dragon
I don't know what happened
It's like the feelin I had when I first started rappin
I just couldn't seem to get back and recapture
That magic so I went back to the lab
That's where I been at when...

Bridge: (Just Blaze)
Some people ask me
Where I've been lately
They thought I fell off
Nobody can save me
They play in the background
I don't back down
So don't get it twisted
Or try to play me
First I come out
They under rate me
Then I come back
They still try to fade me
They say I'm nasty
They say I'm crazy
Ask what I think
And I say maybe...

Chorus:
I'll fly away (fly away)
There ain't nothin in the way so I may as well fly away (fly away)
There ain't nothin else to say so I may as well fly away (fly away)

Verse two:
I took a hiatus Haters now I'm back
To cause trouble
Got the fuckin shape of mushroom clouds
For though bubbles
You ain't fucking sick
The hos-puddle (hospital)
Won't even give you cough drops for coughs cock sucker
You think you hot you ain't even luke (?) warm
My puke's hotter than you
You're soft
I use fire to cool me off
I told them I would grow up one day
And show them I'd be able to choke clouds
Pick up lightning bolts and throw them
Take the world by storm
With these words I form
Georgi-porgi kissed the girls
Make the girls cry for it
Make them sworm
Make them fight over the shirts i've worn
Sworn over my sweat towels it's mind blowin
Guess I'm living the dream homie nothing can compare
I'm so up I'm stuck in mid air
I'm lovin it yeah
It's like these people are steps now
All they do is stare (stair)
These haters are so pussy they're afraid to be scared
This is pay back, like I owe them back pay
They spat in my face now I'm back to do them the same
Exact way
And leave this rap game with a bad taste
And slap it back out before I step back out
Of this crap, aye
Slap me now I'm slappin them back hey
Fuck it we're slap happy
Yeah okay, now I'm talking some smack, aye
And I ain't looking back, in fact
They can stare at my ass crack
How's that for hind site
What the track say?

Bridge: (Just Blaze)
Some people ask me
Where I've been lately
They thought I fell off
Nobody can save me
They play in the background
I don't back down
So don't get it twisted
Or try to play me
First I come out
They under rate me
Then I come back
They still try to fade me
They say I'm nasty
They say I'm crazy
Ask what I think
And I say maybe...

Chorus:
I'll fly away (fly away)
There ain't nothin in the way so I may as well fly away (fly away)
There ain't nothin else to say so I may as well fly away (fly away)
I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gonna die today (die today)
Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go
The only way you see me is if you looking up from down below (down below)
And there's nothing else to say so I may as well fly away (yayy---A-A-A-A)
I'm on top of this game so I may as well fly away (A-A-A)
Intro: (scratches)
(Eminem)- "Shady!"
(Eminem)- "that's me"
(Mr. Eon)- "Iron Mic Trilogy"
(Erik Sermon)- "back...with the flyest material"
(Eminem)- "Sh....Sh....Shady!"
(Eminem)- "that...that.....that's me"
(Mr. Eon)- "Iron Mic Trilogy"
(Erik Sermon)- "back with the...funky...beats"

Mr. Eon:
Packing the third eye rush you it's cyclopse
They trade in their high tops for night sized Withe rocks
Words in my right, they pass my left ear
It's solid decked out write the books for next year
Bear this grenade you got stuck like virgin
Who that cat splurgin' instead or rehearsin?
Tough guy, dj travi your high rise
Looking more like ronald then the fuckin fry guys
Go on uptown fucking senoritas
In Taco Bell screaming "vivas gorditas!" 
Bring all your dogs i give em rabies
They never had a chance i might chew up all their babies
(Eminem: waaah!)
Pope John Paul the second, brain like satan
Have your beaten girlfriend cooking up bacon
I'm obituite with that shit that you hit
Slow my flick with ya cause mine to pick wit her

Eminem:
My nine is limpin ya six deep when i spray rounds
Hit you with 12 shots in mid air and four more on the way down
The eight straight strays to a kid's hair on the playground
You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now!)
No pun intended, snapped out of your whip
And leave it un-attended before i whip out this gun and hit it
Unless you want it dented with bullet holes any minute
Cause i can leave your Infinite full of those even if someone's in it
Snap the airbag, hit the corner and park it
You wanted a market, i got her tied up in a chair and gag
Bitches get smacked and grabbed by the hair and dragged
Like cave-women, while i'm grave diggin' with Marilyn Man

Mr. Eon:
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit

Eminem:
And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it

Mr. Eon:
If you got a bowl of hash better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit

Eminem:
I'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in a nap sack and latched it

Mr. Eon:
Yo, "Eon's whack now", how you dig that?
Couldn't get on my record if you were street rap
Get the greater rate with these rhymes i be totin'
Let's go back online and jerk off on your modem
I got stupid mucus from these loose lips
My loose leaf leave your whole persona weak
To the point when you stand up on your feet  best retreat
Let's go back in time and steal my whole seed
The quickening, did a briss  at the crispening
I'm exercisin', to uplifting the foot stage
This thing's the nicest, i keep telling you
What the fuck this guy on the corner been selling you? 
(Eminem: "here buy this")

Eminem:
I'm e-mailing you, at the wrong website
Mispelling you, break you and put the fear of hell in you
Escape above you, stuff the nurse in a purse
Disperse like i added too many words in a verse
Slim Shady, a perverted virgin at birth 
Driving off, leaving the murdered virgin at church
The first person searching the earth for the motherfucker 
That pulled the plug when they shoulda alerted the surgeon first
You don't curse and hit with your own words
Leave me alone bitch! I get on my own nerves
And if i don't got two balls and a middle finger to throw up
Then i'm takin' off both shoes and stickin' each middle toe up (fuck y'all!)

Mr. Eon:
If y'all got a bowl of hash better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit (Eminem: "gimmie that")

Eminem:
And if you're spitting whack shit on the microphone
I'ma snatch it outta your hand so fast i'm gonna detach it

Mr. Eon:
So if you got a bowl of has better cash it
Dollar signs flashin' i'ma take the last hit

Eminem:
I'm flabergasted off two tabs of acid
Threw my baby's mother in a hatch-back and latched it

Eminem:
Any disease out there i'm willing to catch it....
Slim Shady.....All praises 
To the High & Mighty

(scratches):
(Eminem)- "Slim Shady"
(Eminem)- "naughty rotten rhymer"
(Mr. Eon)- "Mr. Eon"
(Mr. Eon)- "illest rhyme dropper"
(Eminem)- "Slim Shady"
(Eminem)- "naughty rotten rhymer"
(Mr. Eon)- "Mr. Eon"
(Mr. Eon)- "illest rhyme dropper"
(Eminem)- "Slim Shady"
(Eminem)- "n....nau..naughty...ro..ro..rotten rhyme....rhyme..rhy..rhymer"
(Mr. Eon)- "Mr. Eon"
Black girl only want your money
Cause they're dumb chiks

Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, ph, oh Foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride

Well foolish pride has alot of things to say
You got foolish pride, you got tooth decay
But tooth decay is another problem
So let's take this old foolish pride and solve it
Now, when I talk about foolish pride
I mean blacks & whites taking different sides
When blacks and whites take different sides
Unity never happens, and we will subside
We will subside and hatred will release
And everything will just crush that peace
Well, when we crush that peace, we start hatin' each other
But remember, you are my brother, and you are my sister
Just like I'm a mister
I seen a black girlfriend and I kissed her
I kissed her ; I placed it on her cheek
And she didn't come back til next week

Now it was next week and she was back again
Wanting to kiss a white kid
So she was my girlfriend, we started going out
But that's okay because we were Black and white
Blacks and whites they sometimes mix
But Black girls only want your money cause they're dumb chicks
So I'ma say like this
Don't date a Black girl, take it as a diss
If you want, but if you don't
I'ma tell you like this, I surely won't
Never date a Black girl because Blacks only want your money
And that shit aint funny

So I'ma say look honey
Why do you do this?
You know, you step up to me like you a Brutus
Then you try to grab my spinach
Because its green and that's cash
So get outta here, 'cause I don't need your ass
I said that before, but that's okay because like I said you're a whore
Black girls and white girls just don't mix
Because Black girls are dumb and white girls are good chicks
White girls are good ; I like white girls
I like white girls all over the world
White girls are fine and they blow my mind
And that's why I'm here now telling you this rhyme
'Cause Black girls, I really don't like
We don't mix, it's like riding a bike
When you're peddling hard, uphill both ways
You know it's kinda hard and that's why I say to you
I'm giving you a little advice
Don't date a Black girl, if you do it once you won't do it twice
You won't ever do it again because they'll take your money
And that aint funny
So I'ma say look honey
I thought I said that before
But like I said again you're nothing but a big whore
So when mike catch on the bass line
That's okay ‘cause we will not just waste time

I'll get straight to the point
Black girls are bitches, that's why I'ma tell ya you better pull up your britches
‘Cause all that cash is making your ass drag
From the boyfriend ya ganked and that's pretty bad
I mean that's pretty sad when ya dating a Black guy
And then you turn around and fuck another big, Black guy
Now that's pretty wrong, but you're just ganking
But that's okay because you need a goddamn spanking
From me, the funky Eminem
I'm busting rhymes and I'm swallowing phlegm
I'm busting a freestyle just like this
I say swallowing phlegm and Howard gets pissed
But when Howard gets pissed that's okay
Because he leaves and he doesn't show up for two more days
So I'll just worry about that problem when I come to it
I cross that bridge when I come to it

Because, I forgot the chorus
But that's okay 'cause y'all saying but a rhyme for us
So I'ma bust another rhyme about this Black girl
She turned out to be a fuckin' wack girl
A wack girl, because Black girls ain't funny
All they want is your godamn money
They take you for everything you got
And then you stand with a bunch of snot in your hand
So I'ma kick it to you just like this
How does the chorus go, I forgot
But that's okay, 'cause I'ma tell you in stride
I'ma say oh foolish pride

Oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, oh foolish pride, oh, oh, oh
Date a white girl, 'cause they got the raw hide…
[ Chorus ] [ Drake ]

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mayne (ever, mayne)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mayne (ever, mayne, ever, mayne)

[ Verse 1 ] [ Drake ]

Last name ever, first name greatest
Like a sprained ankle boy, I ain't nothin' to play with
Started off local, but thanks to all the haters
I know G4 pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown, nino
She insists she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money, come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo
Dropped a mixtape, that shit sounded like an album
Who'd of thought a country wide tour be the outcome
Labels want my name beside an X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah, niggas, I'm about my business
Killin' all these rappers, you would swear I had a hitlist
Everyone who doubted me is askin' for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness
Bitches

[ Chorus ] [ Drake ]

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mayne (ever, mayne)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mayne (ever, mayne, ever, mayne)


[ Verse 2 ] [ Kanye ]

I used to have hood dreams, big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
And went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I could make it rain, all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you could call it statutory
When a nigga blow up, they gon' build statues for me
Old money, Benjamin Button, what? nothin
Nah, superbad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me, no you fuckin' wasn't
"Uh, you such a fuckin' loser
He ain't even go to class, Bueller"
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
'ember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack?
Chasing the stardom'll turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull they cameras out, and God damn they snap
I used to want this thing forever, y'all can have it back

[ Chorus ] [ Drake ]

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever, mayne (ever, mayne)
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever, mayne (ever, mayne, ever, mayne)


[ Verse 3 ] [ Lil Wayne ]

Ok, hello its the martian, "Space Jam" Jordans
I want this shit forever, wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest, step up to the target
If I had one guess, then I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
hopped up in my car, and told my chauffeur to the top
Life is such a fuckin roller-coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for? this is my theme park
My mind shine even when my thoughts seems dark
Pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk
Let the theme talk, check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne, thats what they gotta say I'm itchin
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer
I'm restin in the lead, I need a pillow and a cover
My foots sleepin on the gas, no break pads no such thing as last

[ Verse 4 ] [ Eminem ]

There they go, back in stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, macadamian and they go so balistic whoa
He can make them look like bozos hes wonderin if he should spit this slow
Fuck no, go for broke, his cup just runneth over oh no
He aint had a buzz like this since the last time he overdosed
They've been waiting patiently for pinnochio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know, rap will never be the same as before
Bashin into the brains of these hoes, and establishin a name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited, you cant put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking bout when we riot
You dealin with a few true villians 
Whose staying inside of the booth truth spillin,
And spit true feelings until our tooth fillings 
Come flying up out of our mouths now rewind it
Payback muthafucka for the way that you got at me
Hows it taste? when I slap the taste
Out of your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place
I'm, hannibal lecter so just incase you was thinkin of savin face
You aint gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place so Drake
[Verse 1]
Feeling kinky, lip syncing to Too $hort's "Freaky Tales" (Biatch!)
Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking
Envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells
I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she's decals
But when murdering females
Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed
Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail
If you get scratched because your DNA'll
Be all up under her fingernails
Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares
He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears
Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware
Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs
She's unaware in no underwear, she's completely bare
Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly
I said "I'm here to do sink repairs"
Chop her up, put her body parts
In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there

[Chorus]
But hey man, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed

[Verse 2]
Woke up, it was dawn, musta knew somethin' was wrong
Think I'm becomin' a monster 'cause of the drugs that I'm on
Donald Duck's on, there's a Tonka Truck in the yard
But dog, how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car?
Gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it
Must go above and beyond, 'cause it's incumbent upon me
Plus I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde
Girl, that motherfuckin' baton twirler that got dumped in the pond
Second murder with no recollection of it
Collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' out sections from it
Memory's too fucked to remember, destructive temper
Cut my public defender's jugular then stuck him up in a blender
Another dismembered toddler discovered this winter probably
'Cause the disassembled body
Was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly
I'm wanted for questioning
Them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me

[Chorus]
But hey man, I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed

[Verse 3]
Still on the loose, they
Spotted me inside McDonald's Tuesday
In a Toronto Blue Jays cap, lookin' like your college roommate
With Rihanna, Lupe, Saddam Hussein, Bobby Boucher
Or was it Cool J? The cops is on a goose chase
Just escaped from the state pen
For [edited] eight women who hate men
Don't make it no weirder, I'm naked
When I break in your basement
Under your baby's play pen, I lay in, wait adjacent
Facin' the door, remainin' patient while stayin' complacent
Blatant sexual implications are continuin' to get thrown
Insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems
Left on your pillow in hopes, that when you get home
You'll get the hint, ho: I'm in your window
But it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene
In a verse and be charged with first degree
'Cause it just happened to match up perfectly
With the massacre or the Burger King burglary
No, officer, you see ...

[Chorus]
I was framed
I know what this looks like, officers
Please just give me one minute
I think I can explain
I ain't murdered nobody
I know these words are so nutty
But I'm just here to entertain
How come your shirt is so bloody?
There's a missing person, so what? He's
Got nothin' to do with me
I'm almost certain I was framed
I'm a tell you this for your own benefit
Your shit was dope as hell, specially when you wrote ninety percent of it
What you need to do is practice on your freestyles
'fore you come up missin' like snoop dogg's police files
This type of shit? bitch be sure that I'm spittin'
Be hittin', you gonna pray to god this shit was written
But it wasn't I'll kill a dozen rappers when I buzzin'
Guzzlin', beat your ass like a jealous husband
Now whos ya boy? bitch you about to suffer and see north
When you go in a coma longer than vladamir konstastinov
Cut the damn machine off
Get a clean cloth, and wipe this bloody video screen off

I'm movin' in for the kill, plus I got the trap set
I can tell your wack as fuck, and I ain't even hear you rap yet
Look at you thinkin I'm about to whip his ass
'cause I'm a do some written shit, plus I get to go last
Well guess what? even if I go first, it's no worse
My shit's still gon' demolish yo verse
I'm bout to slice you like a ginsu
And anything you say can an will be used against you
In a court of law, I'm short and raw
Take you fuckin' shit and cut it off
Yo, you wanna be a dope MC?
Look, don't get mad and start taking your period out on me

You wanna represent on the microphone but you rap sleazily
I ain't about to battle this fake ass eazy-e
There ain't no way I'm a do this bullshit
I don't give a fuck, I'm loaded up with a full clip
Time of the month, you couldn't get the tape of the day
Take him away, I ripped him like a paper meche
I've heard you rap before, you ain't about shit
This whole battle was mismatched like your outfit
Try to battle me and get your mouth split
You sold out like ticketmaster outlet
Ha ha, I bust and I crush, I don't give a fuck
Ain't no way that you can fuck with us
I'm givin back with pimp shit
I'll laminate that ass in a badge and wear it at the rap olympics

Blah-badee-blah-da-blah-blah, stop babblin'
You so fuckin' wack I'm a walk away while you battlin'
Fuck that, I'm on a brand new solo mission
To make sure that wendy day kicks your ass out of the rap coalition
I throw a switch at an execution
With an overdose of devotion don't talk back, I'm the dope, bitch
So who you sound like on the mic?
There was only one tupac, your thug style's just one big syke
Take a big hike, bitch you can't catch me
Your best rhymes still ain't shit like a (?)
What the fuck you wanna do?
I'll battle anybody in your crew and I don't give a fuck
I slaughter boys, especially wack ass emcees
That will wear a fake ass corduroy

I'm bout to make this mic short curcuit
This beat is wack as fuck, this shit fits you perfect
I got so many ways to diss you that I'm playful with'chyou
I'll let a razor slit you 'til they have to staple stitch you
And everybody in this fuckin' place'll miss you
If you try to turn my facial tissue to a racial issue
Nobody's hearin' you, you're a wack liar
Damn, all you white jokes just backfired
'cause bitch you walkin' up the wrong street
Now go tell all your boys you was beat by a honkey
I don't give a fuck, I'lll kill ya, bitch
You better recognize me like a look familiar
Anything you say I'm a kill ya, grill ya
When I fuckin' drill ya
If I’m elected for ten terms 
I’m renewing the staff after the inaugural 
And hiring all girls as interns 
If I don’t like you, I’ll snatch you outta your mic booth 
While you’re rappin’ and pull you right through the window and fight you 
I’ll take you straight to the pavement 
Uppercut you, and scrape your face wit’ a bracelet like a razor just shaved it 
Three drinks and I’m ready to flash 
Runnin’ onstage in a G-string, wit’ a bee sting on my ass (Look!) 
It’s probably y’all ‘cause I ain’t awkward at all 
I just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall 
And have a relapse after I just fought through withdrawal 
(Hop in the car, little girl, I just bought you a doll) 
The Bad and Evil movement is comin’ 
Plus the music is pumpin’ like a pill freak wit’ a tube in his stomach 
I write a rhyme a day so it’s no wonder how come your whole album 
Is soundin’ like a bunch of shit that I would say 
Whether it’s one verse or one letter 
I’ll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun, ever 
It’s Slim Shady and Tony Touch, it’s only us 
The rest of y’all are just stuck in the middle wit’ Monie Love.
It's da motherfucking Farm Club
This little girl 'bout to get a arm rub
Who wanna see me on this motherfucking fiction board
Who wanna see me on a motherfucking diction lore
And I'll be kicking source to motherfucking
Camera looking right in it
I can kick twenty two rhymes in one minute
And ya'll don't understand cause my rhymes are infinite
What's the Farm Club?
It's the motherfucking {chigge-chigge} Farm Club
It's the motherfucking {chigge-chigge} Farm Club
Is this shit there wasn't be bleeped out?
I don't know, but I feel it is and it's a {eeh-eh}
And I will kicking rhyme until it stopping {eeh-eh}
What-wha-what it's the Farm Club?
What-wha-what-wha-what it's the Farm Club?
I done figured this rap shit out I map shit out strategically 
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key 
To my success it's worked from me repeatably
Let 'em diss your first then respond immediatley 
In order to master the art of war, don't start a war 
Shit not no more we done scared 'em off there are no more 
Victims this sick, I'm fixin' to pick some to start shit 
I'm out of pictures to rip and shit to throw darts at 
Ain't go no more targets
Shit irv and jeff we beat 'em to death, benzino in debt
It seems to just be no one left to bully 
Bush is pussy, why the fuck you think his name is bush? Puss is bushy 
Ain't shit goin on. Shit I been gettin' so bored latley
I'm thinking of doing some shit to get you to go hate me again 
To tell the truth I like the shit better then 
Shit I could spit better, about to kick that sick shit again 
Look, the game just ain't the same its changin 
Shit Dre's quittin', Jay's quittin', now it just wankstas 
Just sayin' the same shit, its fake and its ancient 
It's making me so bored I'm gonna just make a new language 
Fubba you cova cubba, ubba you ubba ooba 
Youba can subbabick my dadibbabick through a tuba 
sum other luma lama 
I'm not a human I'ma a suicidal supersonic suicidal uni-bomber 
you think im the new Osama 
Press thinks I'm the new madonna 
Jeffery Dahmer left me with his legacy to carry on 
Alot of talk and rumors on us who's the hottest to be honest 
Hip-hop ain't been the same since Tupac moved to Cuba on us
A shimmy shimmy go go motha fuckin pop
It's the K-K-Kid Rock with the K-K-Kid Rock shit
I'm on top bitch and rock for tricks
Hella whips and nips and flip trips for whips
I get all the money pussy falls like rain
Been gettin' laid and paid that's why I never complain
If I ain't in it for the money I'm in it for the P (or is it D)
It's 1998 yo and you still can't fuck with me
You don't be fuckin' with the blue eye
Fuckin' with my 2-5 up your fuckin' ass like my shoe size
I got a new vibe, kinda like Voodoo
You do what we say and we'll do what we want to
We're fuckin' up your city and we're fuckin' up your progam
Fuckin' all your bitches we can fuckin' give a goddamn
Twisted Brown gets down with no assistance
We won't quit until we're banned from existence
Persistance pays if that holds true
Then I'm gonna buy this fuckin' planet before the time I'm through
I was praised and raised on the thoughts of no takings
So let me get what I got comin' and the rest I'm fakin'
I'm shakin' like Jerry Lee Lewis and shit
You act like the motherfucker's new at this shit
But I've been true to this shit given' my heart and soul
Been shinin' like a diamond but gettin' passed as coal
So Fuck Off
Yeah

With my pants half hangin' off my ass and shit
Bowl filled hash pockets stuffed with cash
I be the mushroom trippin' sippin' shots of Jack
'Cause the kids don't listen gettin' lots of flack
I be the do wa diddy up and down you block and
The 10 karat Kid with my triggers cockin'
The K the I the D R-O-C K motherfucker and you still don't know me
So blow me bitch I don't rock for *Edited*
I rock for the cash and the topless dancers
Don't have no answers so pass the joint
I'm just paid in full and made in Detroit
I ride like Setta in the Indy 5
And get live with that which get's me high
Strive for perfection this much is true
We do what we say you say what we do
Kid Rock I couldn't be no Bozo
And I get too much nina
*Edited* and my glock rolls solo to Arizona
I'm an easy rider dreamin' of Wynonna
I roam the country like a Greyhound bus
Put faith in lust and in God I trust
I'm not Peter Pan I don't fuck with fairies
But I bust more rhymes than virgin cherries
And Harry Carey couldn't call my game
Fucked so many hoes I'm in the hall of fame
And I show no shame from coast to coast
I don't mean to brag, but I like to boast
Fuck Off
Yeah right in your mother fuckin' ass bitch
With that Detroit city shit ain't shit swift we're on the same script
Nothing new since 76 Kid Rock
Yo Slim Shady come break these mother fuckers off

(Eminem)
Yo tell the world to hold their breath they're breathing the wrong air
This planet belongs to me and this hippy with long hair
Two white boys who spike punch and light joints
Hang around drugs loud music and like noise
Slim Shady and Brown Trucker another bunch of mother fuckers
Who hate the world as much as each other
And I ain't leaving this party tonight
'Til I see some naked bitches dancin' around drunk touchin' each other
Rum and Pepsi got your whole perception of me sketchy
'Cause when I stage dive people are scared to catch me
'Cause all I do is curse and fuck
So when I do 'shrooms you all better give me two rooms
'Cause I'm fuckin' the first one up
So when you see me on your block you better lock your cars
'Cause you know I'm losin' it when I'm rappin' to rock guitars
This is for children who break rules
People that straight fool
And ever single teenager that hates school

Fuck Off
Yo...Slim Shady!
Yo...I'll fuckin'...I'll
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you
(eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
Would be for me to remove thesetwo Adidas and
beat you
And force-feed you 'em both, and on each feet
is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with roundhouse
You'll think I pulled the fuckin' ground out from
underneath you (Bitch!)
I ain't no fuckin' G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin' to shoot you
I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with
broken glass
And have you with open gashes strappet to a
soakin' mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers
(ahhh!)
Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis
I'm sa bananas I'm showin' up to your open casket
To fill it full of explosive gases
And close it back with a lit match in it
While I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you, and smoke the ashes
[Stretch Armstrong]
Ha ha Yeah, yeah we back again
We doin our shit yo word up
I wanna hear some fly shit, you know some get high shit
Word up I wanna hear some white boy shit man
Yeah I wanna hear Eminem, man, talkin about all the shit he be doin

(Stretch Armstrong is now in your world)

[Eminem]
If you don't do fuckin drugs, fuck you
If you don't do ecstacy fuck you
If you don't pop mushrooms fuck you
If you aint on a tab of acid fuck you

(Shady go!)

I'm nausous in this place I need some office space
The boss is late I wanna slap the mustache right off his face
I'm ready to go postal, I'm so close
I can almost feel his throat with no pulse when i choke him
In ten seconds I'm gonna turn into hulk hogan
With a cigerette in his mouth he tells me there's no smoking?!
I'm sick of this shit it's ridiculious
All i picture is kickin his ASS
While he's takin his ASHES and FLICKIN em
I'm sick of his stamps I'm sick of lickin em
Sick of STICKEN em, I'm sick of looken at em
I'M SICK OF EM
Alright Mr. Mathers pick em up!
No YOU pick them up! Bitch stick em up!
Get against the wall senior citizens and all
I can't take this shit no more
Everybody hit the floor get the door
Close it and lock it put your wallets back in your pockets
I don't want dollars aint none of us walkin out of this office

Faggot, fuck you
Work at the post office fuck you (fuck you)
Talkin shit to me tellin me to take out the goddamn garbage fuck you
If you're a fuckin dick fuck you
If you're a white rapper fuck you
Talk shit about stretch you're cool
But if you don't talk shit about Stretch fuck you

If you're a fuckin punk fuck you
Talk shit about me fuck you
You wanna battle me fuck you
I don't have to say shit to you but FUCK YOU
(Song is hard to hear, corrections appreciated. This is a song from before Eminem was famous)

*After a phone call between Kim and Champtown, the song begins*

[sample]
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[4x]

[Eminem]
I shoulda been able to see that you were the one behind this
but i=I was blind as fuck to think that you weren't the kind that stuck someone in the spine
It was another friendship broke in half
I watched you turn everything into a game and joke and laugh
and both of us know we can’t discuss the situation
like adults, each confrontation just results in accusations and insults,
So I’m gonna just let it go for now
I'll leave you be, it's over now,
what goes around comes back around
believe you me, it's over now, come here you fuckin'…

[Chorus : Proof]
Come here you fuckin backstabber
why I oughta, be the bitch nigga from the hood, haha
come here you fuckin backstabber
why i oughta, be the nigga that’s up to no good, haha

[sample]
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[2x]

[Eminem]
Why don't you take a second to stop and think about what you done
and you wouldn't have thought of being a friend that isn't much of one
All because of what? you run your mouth
and you wanna prance around and gloat?
Lets see how well you dance around
when i got my hands around your throat
Cause It’s a matter of time till I get my blows in and it won’t be long
You shouldn’t go walkin around and stickin your nose in where it don’t belong
Cause everytime you talked when you was stretchin the truth
There’s gonna be one more flyin' knuckle you're gonna catch in the tooth
come here, come here you fuckin…

[Chorus : Proof]
Come here you fuckin backstabber
why I oughta, be the bitch nigga from the hood, haha
come here you little backstabber
why i oughta, be the nigga that’s up to no good, haha

[sample]
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[2x]

[Eminem]
Come here you lil double-crossing goin behind my back snitchin
good for nothin but trouble causin' instigating fact switcher
you were the least that I suspected
Until the puzzle fell into place with every piece that I selected
But I’ll never let that crap happen again
You come back blabbing again
catch it smack dab in the chin
that’s for backstabbing a friend
cause every name in the book
wouldn’t be enough
so i just figured I’d say your name in the hook
check it out, come here you fuckin….

[Chorus : Proof]
Come here you fuckin backstabber
why I oughta, be the bitch nigga from the hood, haha
come here you little backstabber
why i oughta, be the nigga that’s up to no good, haha

[sample]
"Fuck it, Friends or no friends I had enough bullshit to last me clear to the ends"[4x]

[Outro :Proof]
Backstabbers don’t live too long
Around my way friendships betrayed
In the hood you die for that!
For those that don’t love this combat and verbally say this
This could relate to the death of a backstabber
That’s like the desire to make social distant vibration combustion of the neck
The backstabber for the female, you sleezin ass bitch nigga!
So remember, the backstabber always loses in the end
A friend is a friend to the end
F-R-I for Fri, E-N-D a friend for the end…..yes
To eternity…..the backstabber shall never flourish
Take em out…….
Hi!
Oringinal bad boy on the case cover your face
Came in the place blowed and sprayed Puffy with mace
I laced your weed with insect repellent better check the smellin'
Eminem starts with an E, better check the spellin' with a capital
Sombody grab me a snapple
I got an asthma capsule trapped in my adam's apple
Sombody dropped me on my head and I'm sure that my mother did it
But the bitch won't admit it was her
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
And said I'm ready now bitch, ain't you feelin' these kicks cunt?
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell
I'll probably have to settle next to the furnace in hell
I'm sick of the sperm cells with syphalis germs
And I'm hotter than my dick is when I piss and it burns
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach 
And vomit so much blod that your clothes stick to you from it
Hit you in the head with a brick till you plummet
If ya'll don't like me you can suck my dick till you numb it
And all that gibberish that you were spittin' you need to kill it
And your style is like dying in my sleep, I don't feel it

(Chorus)
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

My mic's grillin' you, staring you down with a grin to grin
I'm Eminem, you're a fag at a women's gym
I'm Slim, so Shady is really you're fake alias
To save me with in case I get chased by space aliens
A braniac with a cranium packed full of more uranium than a maniac Saudi Arabian
A highly cumbustible head, spasmatic strapped to a Craftmatic adjustable bed
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition
I flat lined, jumped up and ran for the mortician
High speed, IV full of Thai weed, lookin' Chinese
With my knees stuck together like siamese
Twins, joined at the groin like lesbians
Pins and needles hyperdermic needles and pins
I hope God forgives me for my sins
It probably all depends on if I keep on killin' my girlfriends

(Chorus)
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Last night I OD'd on rush, mushrooms and dust
And got rushed to the hospoital to get my system flushed (shucks)
I'm an alcoholic, and that's all I can say
I call in to work cause all I do is frolick and play
I swallow grenades, take a bottle of water a day
A Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be
Gimme eleven Excedrin and my head'll spin
Medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine
Scratch my balls till I shred the skin
Doctor check this rash, look how red it's been
It's probably Aids, forget it then
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
That don't even make sense, like dikes using dildos
So reach in your billfold for ten duckets
And pick up your Slim Shady shit is on rucus
Somethin' somethin' somethin', I get weeded
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it

(Chorus)
Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy, you hear me?
Is fuckin' crazy (Hello? Hi)

Hi! Something's not right, I'm sorry, I'm mentally retarded
Slim shady, I think that's my name
Rucus Records, fuckin' crazy
You hear us?  We're fuckin' crazy!
All of us
Hi, Bye
Night, something
[Intro: JID]
Smoking trees, I'm ridin' 'round
Come to my side of town
Lately, it's been goin', goin', goin', goin', goin' down(Look, uh, look)

[Verse 1: JID]
All of my niggas gon' ride with it
In the pocket, the rocket like Kelly mom
Mama told me the power was in the tongue
But it probably ain't powerful as a gun
All of you little cowards get devoured, I'm givin' out flowers to anyone
I ain't been out the house in a minute 'cause I ain't wit' it if the money is miniature
I been mindin' my business, I'm business-mindin'
I been spendin' some time with the minister
'Cause them niggas spinnin' shit and still sinnin' in the City of God and it's sinister
Try to pray and repent in a synagoguе or a mosque, a temple, a church
Thеm brown skin's seen many niggas hurtin'
And murder's a common courtesy, for certainly
R.I.P. D on the shirt, search, lurk, murk, squirt, durk, first (Forty-eight)
My nigga doin' four plus eight without a court date
Talked the other day, he say he doin' okay
He good, he gainin' weight, then got a sharp shank
He made, he say they played, they gotta partake
Homie got a heart full of hate and a face full of war paint
Eyes all red, full of rage and it's hard to escape from a dark place
East side niggas from the A, niggas all ages
Tryna sell a pound of the dog cage
All the OGs 'round town was our age
Danger, sex, and drugs, X and R rated
Danger, sex, and drugs, shit be outrageous
But don't get this shit fucked up, my boy
Ya lucked up once then ya doubled up
I dribble and pass it to the cup and triple-double it
Get to the basket, get the cash and cuddle up
Cover up, bundle up, batter up (Batter up)
Um, talk a lot of smack and now go back it up
Shawty wanna shag, wanna shack it up
I can put a pussy on the platter like a platypus
Nappy hair, nigga, hair natted up
I said, "Barbara," nigga tatted up
I won't argue, nigga mad as fuck
'Cause I ain't compatible, I'm finna catapult
But niggas know it's goin'
Down, down, down, down, do-do-do—

[Chorus: Eminem]
If I run out of fuel
I won't, what the fuck y'all gon' do
If I don't run out of fuel?
Down, down, down, down, do-do-do— (Run out of fuel)
That scares the fuck out of you

[Verse 2: Eminem]
For a couple decades (Brrt)
Been lettin' this TEC spray (Brrt)
From that day that I met Dre (Brrt)
So you liable to catch strays (Brrt)
From the second you press play (What?)
I suggest they (What?)
Do not test like an essay (Why?)
'Cause like when my homies out west, ayy (Yeah)
We can just say (What?)
I'm like a R-A-P-E-R (Yeah)
Got so many S-As (S-As), S-As (Huh)
Wait, he didn't just spell the word, "Rapper" and leave out a P, did he? (Yep)
R.I.P., rest in peace, Biggie
And Pac, both of y'all should be living (Yep)
But I ain't tryna beef with him (Nope)
'Cause he might put a hit on me like Keefe D did him
And that's the only way you're gonna be killing me (Nah)
Ain't gonna be on no beat, silly (Yeah)
I beat the beat silly, on the grind like teeth gritting
Call me, "Obesity" (Why?)
You think it's over? Wait, it's just beginning
Diss me and it ain't gonna be pretty (Nah)
Used to be yea tall then I grew a little each day 'til I became God
Like James Todd, now your arms are too short to beat K-Rod
Indeed, they small like DJ Paul (Woo)
My new Benz better than your truck by far
Bitch, suck my balls
You either smoke crack and you're playin' stick ball in the street
'Cause you must be on base if you thinkin' you can touch my car (Yeah)
But if the whole world was out to get you (What?)
It'd turn you to a powder keg too
Kyle Rittenhouse, spittin' rounds, the TEC shoots (Look out, like, "Brrt")
And that ain't no sound effect (Woo)
Neither was that, SIG Sauer lets loose
I don't condone gun violence at schools (Nah)
But I can't get these voices out my head (Hey, let's go, one, two)
They're putting words in my mouth like alphabet soup
Got the most content on the continent
And constant compliments give me confidence (I'ma)
Across the common sense and incompetence (Uh)
Incognizant, the conflict's are consequence
Of accomplishments that conference through compeitish
If conquered done conked him into unconsciousness
Through conscious, I conjure that
King Kong had just called me, "Kamikaze," I'm gun cocked to this (Woo, my bad)
Nobodies sixteen's are touching
These motherfuckin' index fingers fuckin' the nina
Clutchin' the nine millimeter, tuckin' the heat
Got the toaster like an English muffin
No, I mean, "Toast to" like you drink to somethin'
But it's in a holster, I proceed to bust it
Fuck around and get popped like Halyna Hutchins
Like I'm Alec Baldwin, what I mean is buckin' you down, coup de grâce then
Right between the fuckin'
I shoot 'em all in if you think you're fuckin' with me
You're gonna suffer the fuckin' repercussions
The reaper's comin' to heathen and I need it from me
I keep replenishing fuel while the beat I'm punishin'

[Chorus: Eminem]
If I run out of fuel
I won't, what the fuck y'all gon' do
If I don't run out of fuel?
Down, down, down, down, do-do-do— (Run out of fuel)
That scares the fuck out of you
[Intro]
Smokin' trees, I'm ridin' 'round, come to my side of town
Lately, it's been goin', goin', goin', goin', goin' down

[Verse 1: WESTSIDE BOOGIE]
Come see how heavy it get, I done seen way to much stress as a jit
Death in this section was present, we preppin' for war, so we feel like we better equipped
Brodie got demons he keep to his self, probably won't ever know, 'cause he never gon' snitch
We preppin' for war, so we feel like we better equipped
Brodie got demons he keep to his-self, probably won't ever know, 'cause he never gon' snitch
Hella resentment from lettin' it sit, I say "I got him," I'm never gon' miss
I done put way too much prep into this, back on your bumper how I'm wreckin' this bitch
I keep on talkin' 'bout healin' that's never gon' happen, you know that I'm steppin' on shit
I say the feelin' I get from me killin' a rapper just show me that Heaven exist
Shootin' 'til ain't nothin' left in the clip, shootin' 'til I get respect in this bitch
I might just go get a TEC in this bitch, I might just go at the ref in this bitch
Guessing you think this shit new to me, huh? Guess you ain't know what's fuelin' me, huh?
I just had enemies shoot at me, tell me, just what could this industry do to me, huh?
Helpin' the hood and the homies and plus the community think that it's two of me, huh?
Know where I go when it's over, I run out of gas, they gon' say that they through with me, huh? Aw, shit
When all this shit gon' get better? Bitches just fuckin' whoever
Nigga just sayin' whatever, niggas' gon' fold under pressure, honestly I ain't no better
I had to hop out the hole and got cold as a shoulder, I turned my emotion into sweater
I had to garner the power to work on my soul, I ain't tryna be broken forever
I see the smoke, and start runnin' into it, shawty you losin' is so therapeutic
I kinda think that you want it to happen, got put in a corner, you forced me to do it
You gotta tell me that bein' a rapper is hangin' with rappers, and I ain't into it
I'm with the shit, and I'm ready to prove it, waitin' on Marshall to say I can do it
This shit goin' down, down, down, down, dow-dow-dow-dow—
[Chorus: Eminem & Grip]
If I run out of fuel, I won't
What the fuck y'all gon' do if I don't
Run out of fuel? (Down, down, down, down, dow-dow-dow-dow—)
That scares the fuck out of you (Look)

[Verse 2: GRIP]
I was slept on and left for dead
Sweat, wept, and bled for a game that barely kept me fed
Ain't want the fame, just a spec of cred
Nowadays I take a check instead
The pen been steps ahead
If you mention him, them boys wet the bed
Get on a track with GRIP and get knocked out like yo' daddy did
Whatever Deebo said to Craig, we can go head to head
Niggas play hard on the app
At they mama crib hatin' on bars in a rap
From niggas that still starve in the trap
Clap back and it's, "GRIP, you're takin' it too far, just relax"
These words I discard on the wax
Shit deeper than the cars and the racks
The fashion and gas, so when a star interacts
Got the soul of a field nigga with scars on his back
So pardon me if part of me feel a itch to click
Pitch a fit, blitz a bitch, split ya shit
GRIP in the kitchen with instant grits
Flick the wrist, they wish he'd miss, he's six for six
Go back through the discog'
It's obvious I'm the godliest, yeah, I'm sonnin' y'all
I took the summer off
Just to let them get they mumbles off about blocks that they ain't spun at all
The uninvolved underdog
Summoned from a drunken slumber to pummel y'all, but they don't wanna brawl
This shit ain't even fun no more
I mean, don't nobody wanna come outside
They like, "You should do a song with so and so
Or maybe such and such," this shit done, I tried
They must not got it in their arsenal or metacarpal
To pick the pen up and out-ink the man
Hm, but then again I'm partial
It really took Marshall just for me to get a feature? Damn
I know rap's what I started with
But when your target market's lethargic to the bars you spit
It's harder to put your heart in it
But come too far to quit, now I'm on to guitars and shit
So don't find it jarrin' if I switch the whole style up
Want the old GRIP? Go get the old album
Any genre, same outcome
I'm on that bitch with a stick like Malcolm
Buck, buck, buck, buck
Buck-buck-buck-buck-buck-buck-buck-buck
[Chorus: Eminem]
If I run out of fuel, I won't
What the fuck y'all gon' do if I don't
Run out of fuel? (Down, down, down, down, dow-dow-dow-dow—)
That scares the fuck out of you

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I was up to my waist in debt, better yet, face and neck, tryna chase a check
Sweat, labor for minimal as wages get, just tryna get me a dub like a blank cassette (Yeah)
I worked for peanuts 'til the day I met Dre and that gave me a little Raisinet
Now nothing is close to disgusting as what I grossed, so this must mean what I wrote makes me the
Illest rapper there is, was, or ever will be
That's the real reason I still squeeze and I fill these bars with so much vitriol
These voices in my head convince me, I bet that Ted Kaczynski'll feel me
'Cause I serial kill beats like it's real keys
My peripheral sees everything, you was POVs to rap G-O-D
From Little Caesars to filled arenas, I made it big, word to Lil' Cease
"Fuel" remix, so who'll be picked next, who's name gonna be next up?
Notorious B.I.G.'s death was the domino effects of 2Pac's murder
Like facial tissue, who's card should I clean next? Puff's?
'Til he's in police handcuffs, guilty, will he step up?
Like gee, never turned himself in, who knows all the murders there'll have been
Or me mixed up, prepare for me to not choose none of my words carefully
I've been comparable to Ivan The Terrible, I'll take a paraplegic
And I'll slam his wheelchair on the cement at physical therapy treatment
Then laugh hysterically, these wimps are like Slim's hair when he bleached it
Y'all need to lighten up, I give a fuck, I don't care in the least bit
Kiss every square inch of my white rear end, I guarantee that
My elevator's stuck somewhere between two levels emcee's won't ever see
I spit bars so barbarically, a fuckin' parakeet wouldn't dare repeat
I'll never be runnin' out of steam or kerosene

[Chorus: Eminem]
If I run out of fuel, I won't
What the fuck y'all gon' do if I don't
Run out of fuel? (Down, down, down, down, dow-dow-dow-dow—)
That scares the fuck out of you
[Intro + Ref]
And I’m willing to borrow your grass, but I specialize in eating MCs
In the immortal words of LL Cool J as he would say I'm a G.O.A.T
And for those of y'all who don't know what a goat is, it means the greatest of all time
And I consider myself one of those so thank you very much, here it goes


[1]
This is the part I was worried about
Everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes
And I'm in some dusty garage inhalin' them carbon monoxide fumes
And everyone's tellin' me what I should do
And how I should come out and what to rap about
And I know I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out
And I'm not sure how this is gonna come off
They're probably gonna think that I'm comin' off as cocky
Like I just started givin' a fuck what you really think about me
See, the thing about me
Is you don't really know a thing about me
Everyone's makin' a stink about me
Like there's some kind of an aura of that of the king around me
Surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers, and bangers
And the most dangerous criminals
And I feel like I'm more comfortable around them than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors
But see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave
Why does it seem like
I'm not even put up in the same category as other MCs
So when Weezy says that he's better than Jay-Z
Please be that just subliminally
Means he thinks Jigga's the best and that he's
The only one up in that league, see
And it's easy just to consider me one of the greatest white rappers there is
Knowin' goddamn well that I'm one of the best motherfuckin' rappers who ever lived, period

[Ref]
I'm a G.O.A.T
And I don't mean to gloat
But I know what I know and I know what you think
And these magazines'll never put it in ink
Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T
And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is
It means the greatest of all time
And I consider myself one of those
So thank you very much, here it goes

[2]
Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game
So they gotta go try to find 'em a new Eminem
Or a new Shady, if they think it's gonna happen
Man, I thought I was crazy
Or maybe I could be takin' it wrong and they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way
So let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way
See, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringin' up that Paul Wall's white
Cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see, he's just aight
And Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write
Because he's so caught up in that snow white
That Timbaland can't even get him in the studio
He's so gone off that coke, right
And it's so sad, cause he's dope, right
America's next great white hope, right
So now they feel like they gotta come up with
Some corny-ass White Rapper Show, right
And which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about
They said it'd be real, I'm just spillin' it out
There's somethin' about a white boy talking black
And runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth
And I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit
Isn't it ironic that the best rapper's white and the best golfer's black
And I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack offa' that
But these are the people who
Never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had came out
But I had already hit middle America
Parents had all got to likin' me now
When suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy
All of the hatred for me must've died
Thought I committed career suicide so I had to turn back into the bad guy
So faggoty faggoty faggoty gays
Anatomy God made Raggedy Ann and Andy
Not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy
And Angelina Jolie is just another ho
And Brad is a sucka because once I fuck her
She wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby
You know what I say? No
You better save some of them kids from Madonna
She needs all the publicity she can get
You want a Shady
Well, you got it, man
I ain't apologizin' for shit

[Ref]
I'm a G.O.A.T
And I don't mean to gloat
But I know what I know and I know what you think
And these magazines'll never put it in ink
Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T
And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is
It means the greatest of all time
And I consider myself one of those
So thank you very much, here it goes

[Outro]
Man, I'm takin' my ball and goin' home, man
Shit is too easy
Nobody even wants to pass me the ball cause I'M A GOAT
So don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game
And y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best
But y'all know that I'M A GOAT
And like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best
Before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch
But before I go, I'd like to say fuck you very much
To everybody who wasn't there from the start
And thank you very much to everybody who was
And y'all ain't gotta say it, just think it
Cause I know that you know that I know that you know that I know that you know that I'M A GOAT
I'm out, y'all
It's been real, peace.
[Intro] 
Uh.. 
Yeah.. 
I like the way you do that shorty (shorty) 
Now can you do somethin' for me (uh) 
I like the way you movin' girl 
Show me how you do that girl 
I like the way you do that shorty (uh) 
Now can you do somethin' for me 

[Chorus] 
I can't, stand here and watch her dance 
She got me comin' outta my pants 
And i dont wanna miss my chance, to jump on her 
If i could, get her outta here i would 
I never seen a girl move that good 
And there's something tellin' me i should 
Get Low! 

[Verse] 
Yeah.. 
I'm in the 2006, brand new wagon 
Lookin' for a diva to handle a dragon 
And even if there's two of um, i'ma move in and bag um 
Make sure i'm strapped, keep the Uz and the Magnum 
Yeah the gun talk, but i'm talkin' 'bout the condom 
They followin' me home with my dog right behind um 
Have you ever seen a ass clap on a stallion 
Another bad bitch half black and italian 
I dont know if she likes me or my medallion 
You think i give a f**k, i'm just tryna get a nut 
I dont need no-one to build my self-esteem up 
Im fresh out the hood, but f**k it its all good 
Why you can use me, 'cause i'ma use you 
For menage-a-twage, you know the usual 
And if you do me maybe i'll do you 
A favour and walk you outside, rightt 

[Chorus] 
I can't, stand here and watch her dance 
She got me comin' outta my pants 
And i dont wanna miss my chance, to jump on her 
If i could, get her outta here i would 
I never seen a girl move that good 
And there's something tellin' me i should 
Get Low! 

[Verse] 
Naa, i aint ever aite pussy before 
But im close to the edge if she pushin' me Lord 
Her body language is that a nigga stiff as a sword 
So she cant be a angel this bitch is a fraud 
Head prolly took a nigga on a trip to the morgue 
Pussy good enough to drive out the Michigan Ford 
As soon as i hit the door she's squeezin' my arm 
Hoppin' all on a nigga like Christina Milian 
It might take a couple rounds to make me get to calm 
But when she does go to sleep she might need a alarm 
'cause i'm gone, she wanna be with a don 
But i'm stuck so i'ma keep it about me on a song 
Aint nothin' wrong, with a lil' bumpin' and grindin' 
Especially if they got somethin' behind um 
Im high as hell, pussy drunk when i climb in 
How a nigga unfortunate i'm in 

[Chorus] 
I can't, stand here and watch her dance 
She got me comin' outta my pants 
And i dont wanna miss my chance, to jump on her 
If i could, get her outta here i would 
I never seen a girl move that good 
And there's something tellin' me i should 
Get Low! 

[Verse] 
Shorty looks like she's datin' a fashion designer 
Damn, she musta got that from her momma 
You know me somewhere in the back with the Llama 
Keeps one of the cats with the drama, i'ma 
Get a lil' closer to her, ma look so sweet 
She remind me of a lot of broads aint Monique 
But a bird nigga tryna holla, they all speak 
Do you write up her phone number down, they wont keep 
Lemme get her, i have her burnin' Haze all week 
Givin' me wop to the music, mine plays on beat 
Yeah, i'm so street, i'm so cheap 
I'm so fly, but you already know that i 
Dunn been all around the world, they dont know that guy 
But lil' man gon' talk to, i oppose that i 
He just mad that he aint got the kinda clothes i buy 
All ride in the U.F.O i drive 

[Chorus] 
I can't, stand here and watch her dance 
She got me comin' outta my pants 
And i dont wanna miss my chance, to jump on her 
If i could, get her outta here i would 
I never seen a girl move that good 
And there's something tellin' me i should 
Get Low! (low, low, [echoes])
Haha, yeah, yeah
I get it
I run this rap shit (haha)
now guess who's back (yeah)
you thought I left you (whoo)
Now why would I do that?
(1, 2, 3)

They keep on sayin' the same rappers are the best
Jay-Z and Kanye West
Maybe they're just tryin' to distract it from the fact that I'm comin' back
Or maybe it's cause I ain't black
maybe it's because of that
maybe it's because I'm the highest sellin artist in rap
while I'm sittin' back in my office jackin' off to my plaques 
I'm still sick
How can I be sick this long and I'm still alive
Magic Johnson arise
I thrive on makin' my opponents think that I've died
That's when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go there (yeah)
Damn I forgot how much money he got
On the beach of Saint-Tropez, but your man don't lay
In the sun cause I don't tan, I burn, blood clot
When you gonna learn how much money we've earned
How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25 and could've retired at 29
In my 20's still 
And Fif' here to lick on that Coca-Cola shit
And he ain't even gotta look at Coke to even hold a brick 
No more, oh boy, god damn did he score
To go from sellin' bags to bottles right out the store
And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us
My ex-wife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers 
So stay the fuck off us, we make pay
I'm just a super easy modest MC, okay?
Till I hear the word has been, that's when I start spazzin' 
Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then
I'm the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards
I'm a blonde Dre, now gimme Kanye's glasses!
[Intro]

Ayo, what do you think about, two grown ass men, living together?
Haha, alright, what do you think about, another grown ass man
Living right upstairs from them?
Well, them two grown ass men living together on my nuts
And that's you right above them
Get the fuck off them!

When I rhyme, somehow I think I must be subliminally throwing
Viagra at these fags that got these hard-ons for me
But I suppose anything goes when it comes to my flows
Nothing is off limits, except for Michael's nose

[Bridge X2]

Run that shit back DJ Whoo Kid!
Run that shit back one more time!

When I rhyme, somehow I think I must be subliminally throwing
Viagra at these fags that got these hard-ons for me
But I suppose anything goes when it comes to my flows
Nothing is off limits, except for Michael's nose
I didn't know, I'm so sorry, please tell me what I can do
To make it up to those of you who I offended
Ooh, I got it, I got an apology for Steve Harvey too
It's in my pocket, uh, wait, here it is: FUCK YOU!
Hey! What do you say, Andre? What's new?
Life is good, man I'm chilling, 50 how bout you?
Yayo's out of jail, Buck is out on bail, we'll get through, we always do
ODB, rest in peace, G-G-G-unit!
Yo.. yo! (* Eminem hachs up spit *)
 Mic check.. (My dick!)
 Testing.. one, two (* Eminem hach-spits on mic *)
 Ffff-fuck.. (My dick!) My nuts..

 My attitude is worse than NWA's was
 I'll battle you over stupid shit and diss people
 who ain't have shit to do with it, like Cool J does (My tattoo!)
 You see me standin outside of your buildin; screamin,
 "Puffy is good, (HEY!) but Slim Shady is for the children!" (WAIT!)
 I look at my life in a new light -- fuck it
 Give me two mics; I write songs for me -- fuck what you like
 You're probably hear me rap half-hearted; cause I don't like rap anyway
 I'm just tryin to get my porno career started
 Every place and event.. +Been There, Done That+
 Shit, Dre stuck me in a suitcase when he went
 Want a deal? Study these 5 chapters
 Lesson One: Throw demos as hard as you can at signed rappers
 Lesson Two: Face em and diss em (whattup dog?)
 Don't give em a demo; kidnap em 
 and make em come to your basement and listen
 Lesson Three: Get a job at a label; switch demos with Canibus
 and put yours on the owner's table (here listen!)
 Lesson Four: 'Know you heard this before'
 "Hey let me get your number; I'll call you tomorrow, for sure!"
 Don't act like a fan -- you wanna get signed?
 Get the whitest A&R you can find
 Pull him aside and rap as wack as you can
 Lesson Five: Get a hook-up at Jive
 Dress up like I.C.P. and have them come see you perform live
 And that's the key, but when you see me on the street; I ain't
 givin you shit bitch - don't even bother askin me
 Toilet water splashes me right in the ass when I'm spittin
 cause I'm always shittin when I'm rappin like Master P (UNNNGGGGH!)
 Got a blowjob from Paula Jones, and stuffed it so far in her mouth
 my balls broke both of her collarbones (OWW!)
 Told Mya this shit was all about me-ah 
 Gave Alyssa Milano syphillis, mono and gonorrhea ("You're a dick!")
 And all three of my main girls said SEE-YA
 Cause Brandy and Monica walked in and caught me fuckin Aaliyah
 (What? Oh my God!) I splish splash while I'm takin a bath
 Grab a handful of pills, break em in half, take em and laugh
 White trash -- fuckin your wife in the ass ("Oh! Ooh Shady! Oooh!")
 While you're out siphoning gas for your lawnmower to cut the grass

 So if I hurt your self-esteem
 and you get dissed too bad [Yo why you diss me?]
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
 And when I rap about a buncha shit you wished you had [A big dick!]
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
 "I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad!"
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
 "He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad!" [Nurse! Nurse!]
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad

 What a wonderful day; I should go outside and play
 Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate
 Hi Renee! (Oh hi!) I was just about to toss a live grenade
 in your driveway (WHAT?) and drive away (* car peels out *)
 Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS
 Blood drippin from it, rippin your stomach like a paper mache
 You talk a lotta shit, but you was never ill though
 I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow
 Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh (MOOOOO!)
 Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half
 Wagin wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with +Agent Orange+
 And wiped my ass with his page in Source (Here!)
 The demon is here, steamin this year
 I rip [*Mystikal's*] voicebox out, scream in his ear (AHHHHHH!)
 It's not a gimmick bitch, it's an image I live it
 Give a fuck? I don't know what a fuck is to give it
 "Yeah I don't think this guy is well.." I'm high as hell
 I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail
 I'll fuckin, I'll fuckin
 Lay your nuts on the dresser
 Just your nutsack by itself
 And bang them shits with a spiked bat
 Cut your neck off and sew your head right back
 And leave you like that
 You just triggered the prick who just mixed liquor
 Who's itchin to leave you disfigured and stiffer than Chris-topher
 Reeves, I was teething with strep throat
 while your mother was breastfeeding
 And gave her the flesh-eating disease
 I'm iller than takin a hammer and beatin your knees
 and walkin through South Central L.A., bleedin in jeans
 (Am I a Blood or a Crip?) Wakin up the next day in breathin machines
 Flashin back to being shot and repeatin the scenes
 on how you just got smoked, and if you do live
 You'll be too scared to tell it, like a Biggie and 'Pac joke

 So if I hurt your self-esteem and you get dissed too bad
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
 And when I rap about a fat bitch that you wished you had
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
 "I can't listen to that song, that shit's too sad"
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad
 "He'll never make it, his wrist is slit too bad"
 You know I just be sayin that to get you mad

 I know that makes you real mad, don't it? (uh-huh)
 That's right, Slim Shady (yup) Sway & Tech
 Sprayin wreck (bitch)
 And we don't give a heck (uh-uh)
 or a damn.. or a fuck.. or a shit
 So suck my motherfuckin dick
Ayo, let me tell you about my homies, haha

My name is chauncey billups and I'm kinda like a raunchey phillips -
Screwdriver, my crews live-er when you can't sleep
And you're still up. I get the ball and I'm like rip
You can't get a grip, you probably got stripped.
Wanna rumble? No reason to trip
I grab it like gnarles barkley holds a mic
Your snarles spark me, I smile like charles barkley
C'mon I'm hard, gaurd me
Ain't doing it, persuiting no law suits 
I ain't suing, I know what I'm doing
Give me the ball, and your life is ruined
I'm like rasheed, I remind me of the spirit of proof
I'm happy-go-lucky, fall in a grove, and I'm on the move
I'm smooth with it, give me the ball, you don't know what to do with it
Shoot it in the basket, you other teams need a casket
Lebrons head don't respond, there's no back-and-forth
This game is mental man, I play it loud, just walk away
And hush the crowd, you trying to touch? Sit down

Detroit basketball
Now homie I told you this is
Detroit basketball
Man I don't think you're ready

I get the crowd rawled up like a u-haul truck
Just call me 2 ball chuck
Ain't too tall, what?
I'll leave utah stuffed
Man I love this game, who the hell you called up
You need points on the paint, 
I'm in joints when they state
All my coins in the bank
(I get money..)
And were going all the way
Yeah baby it's true, I'm talking to you
You already know what to do
Just pass it to me, it just so happens to be,
That I adapt when theres heat, so strap in your seat
I got a grasp on this beat, you ain't convinced?
Give it to taysean prince, we haven't stayed calm since
Leave the ball with delayed palm prints
Now homie this is...

Detroit basketball
Now homie I told you this is
Detroit basketball
Man I don't think you're ready

We get everybody involved...
Yeah, yeah, sick
(d.a. got that dope)

They say these bars are like COVID (Bars are like COVID)
You get 'em right off the bat (You get 'em right off the bat)
Infected with SARS and Corona (Infected with SARS and Corona)
Like you took a bite off of that (Damn)
And it goes from martian to human (Yeah)
That's how the virus attacks (That's how the virus attacks)
They come at me with machine guns (Brr)
Like trying to fight off a gnat

Still stackin' my chips, hoes, higher than Shaq on his tiptoes
Atop the Empire State Buildin', this shit is like child's play, children
I will not annihilate, kill them, I'll fuck around and pile еight million
Dead little juvenilеs, wait, chill, then, I'll await my trial date 'til then
Ain't nothin' you say can ever Trump (Nah), mic, pencil get killed (Yeah)
If you're hypersensitive, I wasn't referencin' the vice president, chill (Chill)
I mean my penmanship at times tends to get ill, violent but with skill
That's why I hence when I write ends up with the mic and pencil gettin' killed (Yeah, hold up)
And I'm still ride or die for the squad (Yeah)
So you know which side that I'm on
If a battle line's ever drawn, but if I get involved
It'll be like K9's in a brawl
But not similar to Mike Vick at all
'Cause even if I don't have a dog in the fight
They ain't never gonna get rid of the fight in the dog
Got stripes like a tiger, so you might get mauled, a mic in the palms
Like claws, I can swing right for your jaw and rip it off with one swipe of the paw
Bitch, you still on my dick or naw? (Naw)
If I suck, your wife is a straw (Straw)
I'm sick and I'm not gonna cover my mouth next time that I cough

They say these bars are like COVID (Bars are like COVID)
You get 'em right off the bat (You get 'em right off the bat)
Infected with SARS and Corona (Infected with SARS and Corona)
Like you took a bite off of that (Damn)
And it goes from martian to human (Yeah)
That's how the virus attacks (That's how the virus attacks)
They come at me with machine guns (Brr)
Like trying to fight off a gnat (Yeah, yeah)

And d.a. got that dope he sends to me (Uh-huh)
It's like pneumonia symptoms and contracting COVID instantly
Which is what separates my flow from theirs, so that no one gets even close to this to pose a risk to me
So vocalistically (What?), that's social distancing (Yeah)
Flow going viral, you best stay strapped
With that Lysol and get way back
Get that Pine-Sol and that Ajax
'Cause this dry cough is just like football umpires callin' a playback
Bitch, back the fuck up like fifteen yards, these rhymes call for a face mask (Face mask)
'Nother fourteen-day quarantine, they're cordoning off everything
This shit lookin' like a horror scene, like me metaphorically (Damn)
'Cause them stay-at-home orders seem like they just keep getting more extreme
Who knows when this nightmare will end? Like Monroe, Norma Jean
Still got that heroin lyrical drip with that morphine and that Thorazine
'Cause I'm so fuckin' dope (Dope) and you're a fiend
And that's the one thing that hasn't changed (Nope), for some semblance of normalcy
But I might need that Hydrochloroquine 'cause I got that (Yeah)
The Dark Horse, I'm a knight-mare
Mom fed me Valium like air
Thought that's why they called it a high chair (Woah)
I got a contact like eyewear
Woah, wait a minute, bitch, let me lie here
20/20 hindsight in my side mirror
Every year, you drop the ball like Times Square
My hair trigger whenever I get an idea
Fuck, now my name rings out like a sponge mop
And my drip was a drop
In the bucket, so that gun shot
You just heard just now in that one spot
Just came from the nine mil' that I just got
That's big bucks and I got a full money clip and I'm loaded
I ain't even mean to go the fuck off
I'm still totally inappropriate with an opiate
Groping it while I'm holding it like a trophy
I'm hoping a little codeine will get me OD'in'
Woah, everything is slow, I begin to floatin'
I know that I'm getting loaded, the pen exploded
Hiroshima with the flows, a utopia
With the dope, I'm an OG, I'm like the G.O.A.T
Here to get your goat little bit of sodium, and it's assault
When I'm at the podium, I'm at your throat, holy camoly
I'm in the zone with the shit I'm on
Get Imodium and a commode because nobody's even close
You're petroleum to plutonium, you're a phony
I'm at the crib with your ho, got her at the pole like voting with no clothing
Stripped down to a toe ring and here we go with the gloatin'
I've got my nose in the air like a Boeing
Then I got into a little bit of an argument with her
So I took a little lick of a Klonopin at dinner
Then I hit her with the motherfucking ottoman and bit her
Then I shot her in the liver, delivered her to the bottom of the river
But I'm prolly gon' jump in the water with her
With a wad of money 'cause I got a lot of it
And when it come to drippin', I be soppin' like a hundred mile an hour
Never runnin' out of either one of 'em, I gotta get it 'cause

They say these bars are like COVID (Bars are like COVID)
You get 'em right off the bat (You get 'em right off the bat)
Infected with SARS and Corona (Infected with SARS and Corona)
Like you took a bite off of that (Damn)
And it goes from martian to human (Yeah)
That's how the virus attacks (That's how the virus attacks)
They come at me with machine guns (Brr)
It's like trying to fight off a gnat (Fight off a gnat)

~
[Eminem]
I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep
Ain't gonna breathe, til I see, what I wanna see
And what I wanna see, is you go to sleep, in the dirt
Permanently, you just being hurt, this ain't gonna work
For me, it just wouldn't be, sufficient enough
Cuz we, are just gonna be, enemies
As long as we breathe, I don't ever see, either of us
Coming to terms, where we can agree
There ain't gonna be, no reason, speakin with me
You speak on my seed, then me, no speakin Englais
So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin, unless
You're gonna agree, to meet with me in the flesh
And settle this face to face, and you're gonna see
A demon unleashed in me, that you've never seen
And you're gonna see, this gangsta pee on himself
I see you D-12, and thanks, but me need no help
Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need fifteen of my homies
When I see you, I'm seeing you, me and you only
We never met, but best believe you gon' know me
When I'm this close, to see you exposed as phony
Come on, bitch, show me, pick me up, throw me
Lift me up, hold me, just like you told me
You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful
I'm rid of you, all you, Ja, you'll get it too!

[Chorus]
Now go to sleep bitch!
Die, motherfucker, die! Ugh, time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes?
And go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Die motherfucker die, bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye!
Go to sleep bitch! (what?)
Why are you still alive? Why, die motherfucker, ah, ah, ah...
...Go to sleep bitch!

[Obie Trice]
We got you niggaz, nervous
On purpose, to hurt your focus, you'se not MC's, you'se worthless
You'se not them G's, you'se a circus, you'se no appeal, please
You'se curtains, you use words, cool heard, slurred in two thousand third
You'se purpin, you'se no threat, who's ya servin?
We lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when
You fuck with a label overseein the Earth
Shady muthafucka, O. Trice's birth
And as I mold, I become a curse
So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf
Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse is he who
Depicts fiction in his verse
And as I breathe, and you be deceased
The world believe you deceived just to speak
You'se not the streets, you'se the desk
Use not your chest nigga, use a vest
Before two's choose ya rest, you chose death
Six feet deep, nigga, that's the depth

[Chorus]

[DMX]
Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets
I'ma stay blazin New York with the heat
Stalk on the beat, walk with my feet
Understand my pain, the rain ain't sweet
Peep how I'm moving, peep where I'm going
Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin
But I'ma keep growing, getting larger than life
Easy-going with the same one that started the fight
He be knowing how dog get, when dog gone bite
Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life
Grand champ, and my Blood Line is tight
Cuz it's all good, it's all right
Niggas tried to holla, but couldn't holla back
Now they gots to swallow, everything in the sac
Blood Line, and, we can go track for track
Damn dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that?

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
All you motherfuckers! take that!
Here, take this too, bitch! Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Waaaaaahoo!
We're killin all you motherfuckers dead, all you!
Fake ass gangsters! No more press! No more press!
Rot, motherfuckers, rot! Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfucking dirt!
Die nameless, bitch, die nameless! No more fame!
Ahhhhhhhhhh! Hahahaha
Yo X, come on man, Obie, let's go, haha
[Intro]
Ugh, you're a monster

[Verse 1]
I can swallow a bottle of alcohol and I'll feel like Godzilla
Better hit the deck like the card dealer
My whole squad's in here, walking around the party
A cross between a zombie apocalypse and B-Bobby "The
Brain" Heenan which is probably the
Same reason I wrestle with mania
Shady's in this bitch, I'm posse'd up
Consider it to cross me a costly mistake
If they sleepin' on me, the hoes better get insomnia
ADHD, Hydroxycut
Pass the Courvoisi' (Hey, hey)
In AA with an AK, melee, finna set it like a playdate
Better vacate, retreat like a vacay, mayday
This beat is cray-cray, Ray J, H-A-H-A-H-A
Laughing all the way to the bank, I spray flames
They cannot tame or placate the

[Chorus]
Monster
You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster (Yeah)
I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah)
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
Godzilla, fire spitter, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet
Fire, Godzilla, fire, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet

[Verse 2]
I'm just a product of Slick Rick and Onyx, told 'em lick the balls
Had 'em just appalled at so many things that pissed 'em off
It's impossible to list 'em all
And in the midst of all this
I'm in a mental hospital with a crystal ball
Tryna see, will I still be like this tomorrow?
Risperdal, voices whisper
My fist is balled back up against the wall, pencil drawn
This is just the song to go ballistic on
You just pulled a pistol on the guy with the missile launcher
I'm just a Loch Ness, the mythological
Quick to tell a bitch screw off like a fifth of Vodka
When you twist the top of the bottle, I'm a

[Chorus]
Monster
You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster (Yeah)
I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah)
When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers
I look like a villain outta those blockbusters
Godzilla, fire spitter, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet
Fire, Godzilla, fire, monster
Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet

[Verse 3]
If you never gave a damn, raise your hand
'Cause I'm about to set trip, vacation plans
I'm on point like my index is, so all you will ever get is
The motherfuckin' finger (Finger), prostate exam ('Xam)
How can I have all these fans and perspire?
Like a liar's pants, I'm on fire
And I got no plans to retire and I'm still the man you admire
These chicks are spazzin' out, I only get more handsome and flyer
I got 'em passin' out like what you do when you hand someone flyers
And what goes around comes around just like the blades on a chainsaw
'Cause I caught the flack, but my dollars stacked right off the bat like a baseball
Like Kid Ink, bitch, I got them racks with so much ease that they call me Diddy
'Cause I make bands and I call getting cheese a cakewalk (Cheesecake, yeah)
Bitch, I'm a player, I'm too motherfuckin' stingy for Cher
Won't even lend you an ear, ain't even pretending to care
But I tell a bitch I'll marry her if she'll bury her
Face on my genital area, the original Richard Ramirez
Cristhian Rivera, 'cause my lyrics never sit well
So they wanna give me the chair
Like a paraplegic, and it's scary, call it Hari Kari
'Cause every time a Dick and Harry carry and marry a motherfuckin' dictionary
Got 'em swearing up and down they can't spit, this shit's hilarious
It's time to put these bitches in the obituary column
We wouldn't see eye to eye with a staring problem
Get the shaft like a steering column (Monster)
Trigger happy, pack heat, but it's black ink
Evil half of the Bad Meets
Evil, that means take a back seat
Take it back to Fat Beats with a maxi single
Look at my rap sheet, what attracts these people
Is my 'Gangsta Bitch' like Apache with a catchy jingle
I stack chips, you barely got a half-eaten Cheeto
Fill 'em with the venom and eliminate 'em
Other words, I Minute Maid 'em
I don't want to hurt 'em, but I did 'em in a fit of rage
I'm murderin' again, nobody will evade him
Finna kill 'em and dump all the fuckin' bodies in the lake
Obliterating everything, incinerate and renegade' em
And I make anybody who want it with the pen afraid
But don't nobody want it, but they're gonna get it anyway
'Cause I'm beginnin' to feel like I'm mentally ill
I'm Attila, kill or be killed, I'm a killer bee, the vanilla gorilla
You're bringin' the killer within me out of me
You don't want to be the enemy of the demon who went in me
or being the receiving enemy, what stupidity it'd be
Every bit of me's the epitome of a spitter
When I'm in the vicinity, motherfucker, you better duck
Or you finna be dead the minute you run into me
A hundred percent of you is a fifth of a percent of me
I'm 'bout to fuckin' finish you, bitch, I'm unfadable
You wanna battle, I'm available, I'm blowin' up like an inflatable
I'm undebatable, I'm unavoidable, I'm unevadable
I'm on the toilet bowl, I got a trailer full of money and I'm paid in full
I'm not afraid to pull a—

[Outro]
Man, stop
Look what I'm plannin', haha
Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in!


This the life of a rocker
gave ya minds a vodka
hoppin' off of the club's balcony
into the crowd, surfin'
and when they drop me, i'm randomly sockin' fans
and when my interviews in hockey masks,
slap the journalists on they ass
I'm high off speed,
drivin' my car at high speed
pocket full of weed, while lesbians swallow E
I'm in the studio, envy
my H & M, gon' call for me
cause I fell asleep on the soundboard, ain't get us off a week
so let's go all up in my head
get 'em back ungrateful dead
bustin' in the air, with 30 bitches up in my bed
I'm kickin' 'em out naked, and this December
just ask me why I did it, well fuck it I can't remember


Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in!


Some boys are wyllin
drinkin', cussin', and hyper smilin'
been ridin' for days, tour bus look like Ryker's Island
hand me Jack Daniel's, spray paintin' the die hard fan
little cocker spaniel, fresh out of the damn zoo
man you, better be conscious, I'm backstage
livin' it up, with a couple of sluts feelin' nautious
we're drinkin' it's been a couple of days, since i've slept
my dick is sore from fuckin', when I bust there's nothin' left
just dust, back on the stage, give me my microphone
scrappin' with the audience as we perform hypersong
our label presented us with a plaque
brought it on stage, and bashed it to pieces with an aluminum bats, stanks
now which one of you bitches down for the cause
yeah I said my dick is sore but I ain't say shit about my balls
I asked (Last call) then we off to the next city, yeah
whatever I didn't drink, all my rider bag it up and take the rest with me


Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in!


Yeah this game has got me goin' crazy
fuck it, I am crazy
what's new, what kinda fuckin' glue you'd think I'd be if I was glue
we lost Proof, he was our crew's glue
but where was you, when we were fallin' apart
you were sittin on us too
but no one but us knew we were beefin'
cause that's what happens when you beef with crew
it stays in the crew, cause it's just crew
but we're back now, yeah we took our time while our blood grew
only thing we're in a hurry for now is to rush you!
and we're back, these days if you don't got the guts or the nuts to
pussy, go pick your pussy leaves off your cunt tree, fuck you
AHH CHOO!
bless you! i'm allergic to pussy, sluts too
yeah, you think you the shit, till we flush you
have some bullshit to readjust
to now there are just a few of us left, but it'd be unjust to rob us our just due
so rest in peace to Bugz and Proof
this one's for you homies, we love you
but we can't stop now we done had too much of our blood drew from this...


Fame, fame, fame
I think it's got me goin' crazy
Ohhhohhh
I get lost in this game, game, game
I'm gettin' tired of all you naysayers
Ohhhohhh
keep speaking my name, name, name
you gon' have reason to hate me
yeahhhheahhh
it's like. you. don't. want. me to win
so. this. time. i'm goin' in!
[Ozzy]

I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes

[Eminem]

Lately I really feel like I'm rolling for delph like Philly,
I feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely
apologize if all that I sound like, is I'm complaining,
But life keeps on complicating, an' I'm debating,
On leaving this world, this evening, even my girls,
Can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it,
But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty,
When inside, I'm dying, I am finally realizing I need help.
I can't do it myself, too weak, 2 weeks I've been having ups and downs,
Going through peaks and valleys, dilly dallying,
Around with the idea, of ending the shit right here.
I'm hatin' my reflection, I walk around the house tryin' to fight mirrors,
I can't stand what I look like, yeah, I look fat, but what do I care?
I don't give a fuck, only thing I fear, is Hailie,
I'm afraid if I close my eyes I might see her,
Shit..

[Chorus]

[Eminem]

I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon,
Yeah dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you.
Marshall what happened at you, you can't stop with these pills,
And you've fallen off with your skills, and your own fans are laughin' at you.
It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle, get up,
Be a man, stand, a real man woulda had this shit handled.
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed, 
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just swift out and bust,
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that,
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at, no-body, he fights first,
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse,
Now I'm poppin Vic's, perks and Methadone pills.
Yeah Em, tight verse, you killed it,
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like "yes man",
And they gon' do whatever I says when, I says it,
It's in their best interest to protect their investment.
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend, so fuck it, I guess then...

[Chorus]

Don't know what I'm going through, but I just keep on going through changes...

My friends can't understand this new me, 
That's understandable man, but think how bananas you'd be,
You'd be an animal too, if you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo.
And everybody's lookin' at you, what you want me to do, 
I'm startin' to live like a recluse and the truth is,
Fame startin' to give me an excuse, to be at a all time low.
I sit alone in my home theatre, watchin' the same damn DVD,
Of the first tour, the last tour, he was still alive.
And it hurt sore, fast forward, sleepin' pills'll make me feel alright.
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night,
I just take a couple more, yeah you're motherfuckin' right,
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound.
Almost in a coma, yeah homie come on, don't look now,
Daddy, don't you die on me, daddy, better hold your ground.
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice,
Yeah baby hold me down.

[Chorus]

[Eminem]

Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, plus somehow I'm pullin' through.
Swear when I come back I'ma be bulletproof.
I'ma do it just for Proof, I think I should state a few,
Facts, cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth.
shit it just hit me that what if I would notta made it through?
I think about the things I would never got to say to you,
I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do.
Hailie this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too,
I still love your mother, that'll never change,
Think about her every day, we just could never get it together.
Hey, wish there was a better way, for me to say it,
But I swear on everything, I'd do anything for her on anyday.
There are just too many things, to explain, when it rains, 
Guess it pours, yes it does, wish there wasn't any pain.
But I can't pretend there ain't, I ain't placin' any blame,
I ain't pointin' fingers, heaven knows I never been a saint.
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history,
But just today, I looked at your picture, almost hate to say,
I miss you subconsciously, wish it didn't end this way.
But I just had to get away, don't know why,
I don't know what else to say, I guess I'm..
[Introduction:]
Shut up and sing
Listen Gone Again.....

[Eminem - Verse 1:] 
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...

[Rihanna - Chorus:]
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
[Repeat]

[Jay-Z - Verse 2:]
They say "they never really miss you til you dead or you gone"
So on that note I'm leaving after the song
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay so long
Atleast let me tell you why I'm this way, Hold on
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adaness Revees
Who made love under the Siccamore tree 
Which makes me
A more sicker M.C. and my momma would claim
At 10 pounds when I was born I didn't give her no pain
Although through the years I gave her her fair share
I gave her her first real scare
I made it from birth and I got here
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose
I ain't perfect I care
But I feel worthless cause my shirts wasn't matchin my gear
Now I'm just scratchin the surface cause what's burried under there
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
I went to school got good grades could behave when I wanted
But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
Hold on

[Rihanna - Chorus:]
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
[Repeat]

[Eminem - Verse 3:]
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time
"But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha'"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

[Rihanna - Chorus:]
Listen Gone Again
Story of my life
Searching for the right
But it keeps avoiding me
Listen Gone Again
Sorrow in my soul
Cause it seems that wrong
Really loves my company
[Repeat]

Listen Gone Again...
[Verse: Eminem]
Here we go, a get in, from heroes to villains
Used to be your Romeo, but we were both were jilted
A couple of times, so we had a slippery slope to deal with
But still it gave me hope
That we'll get through it together, a severed earlobe
Mailed to you in an E-N-V-E lope
Would be dope, but
What kind of lengths can you go?
Pull a Vincent Van Gogh, just to convince a damn ho
To be a housewife who outright lies
She's blackout drunk, now she's backin' out my drive
I ran outside, why's she tryna act out?
She's just about my size
Hit me in the mouth twice
Guys, when someone you die for sticks a steak knife in your heart
Do you try more?
Another late night in
She stumbles through my door, lets the daylight in
And all we do's fight more
And I ain't violent
But she's goin' through my drawers to plant the K-Y in
I'm gettin' accused by a whore
Who smells like cyanides and
Who has probably screwed five more guys, sucked eight, nine men
I'm takin' two by fours, to our eight by tens
Bitch it's you I tore, out the frame, I win
Put up a new high score, beat this game I'm in
And here's some two-ply for
When you date my friends, in order to wipe your ass
When you moved your bowels
When we renewed our vows
This the thanks I get
I'm waitin' for the date
I can hear you say, "Marshall, what a skank I've been
And there's a new guy, you're being replaced by him"
Got your tubes tied for him
Got that boob job for him
Hurts me to my core
But the pain I'm in, after you I swore
To make the gray skies in
Here comes the rays like wind
You get a pay hike, and, am I the good guy, or?
Do I just play like him and hope that he dumps you?
It's like the dream come true, just to scream "Fuck you"
Guess you take life in the same way you play dice then
'Cause you just look at me and roll them little snakes eyes in

[Chorus: Jessie Reyez]
Since you bought the jury, they'll call me guilty, they'll call me guilty
You bought the jury, they'll call me guilty, even though you know the real me
You can't be the cheater, convincin' nonbeliever
And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out but I let you say that you're the good guy
'Cause this ain't what love looks like
You can't be the cheater, convincin' nonbeliever
And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out but I let you say that you're the good guy
They like, "You're the good guy," they like, they like
They like, "You're the good guy"
Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this

[Chorus]
You can hate me all you want 
It don't phase me, its so crazy
I let these motherfuckers worry about what I'm doing
But they need to worry about them goddamn selves
I just do me 
You should be doing you not trying to copy on me
I got this locked from the burbs to the projects
Now none of you worry cause I got next

[Eminem]
This rap shit out I map shit strategically
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
To my success it's worked for me repeatedly
Timing is everything and that seems to be the key
Let them diss you first respond immediately
In order to master art of war don't start a war shit not no more
We done scared them off there are no more
Victims to sick I'm fixing the pics 
I'm a start shit ain't got no pictures to rip
And shit to throw darts at 
Ain't got no more targets shit Irv and Jeff 
We don't beat em to death benzino in dept
Just be no one left to bully 
Bush is pussy, why the fuck you think in name's bush
Puss is bushy ain't shit going on shit I been getting so bored lately
I'm thinking of doing some shit
To get you to go and hate me again

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
The game just isn't the same its changing
Shit Dre's quitting Jay's quitting
Now its wanksta they're saying the same shit
It's ancient its fake 
Its making me so bored I'ma just make a new language
Fubba U cuppa cubba Uppa u Uppa Oobba
Youbba can Susubba my dadabbadick throug the tuba
Some other rumour lama I'm not a huma I'ma
Supersonic new robotic suicidal Unabomber
You think I'm the new osama
Press thinks I'm a new madonna
Jeffry Dahmer left me 
With his legacy to carry on a
Lot talk and rumors on us 
Who's the hottest to be honest 
Hip hop ain't been the same since tupac moved to cuba on us

Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no fucking more cheddar than us

[Chorus]

You can hate all you want, but I don't give it a thought
Coz you don't know about me
Its really that simple, I can fit in a thimble whatcha
Know about me?
They ain't feeling my songs, I tell the haters be gone coz 
You don't know about me...better het use to the fact
That I be doing this tracks until they know about me

Shady records ain't nobody better than this
Shady records no cheddar than us 
Shady records ain't nobody better than this

[Chorus]
[Intro]
Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (yeah), sayin' I should quit (yeah)
I fuckin' tell them make me (bitch), eat a fuckin' dick (yeah)
I'm feelin' like the greatest (woo), wanna be whoever did it
Mike Will the one who made it, it's Shady on the lyrics

[Verse 1]
I'm somewhat outlandish they say
You say we're cut from the same cloth but I guess you fabricate, eh?
You better bring more men than the latter day saints
Manic states, even padded with automatic stay pray
Gat anything that may stay in their way
As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade
And a tray eh, at the Mandalay Bay
Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late
James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee
Must have missed my cat-scan that day
I just threw a Tampax at Dre
Trashcan tasks cam and ashtray
I'm turning back to a madman can't take anymore
But I try to get away from the anger and rage my basic alias is an A to the K
Get your ass spayed like bidets breakin' your legs ain't givin' ways ankle
The ways you chumps don't even know how to do somethin' to give goosebumps a day when you say
That somethin' you won't give someone a lump in their throat if you had them choked up you'd be yankin' my chain
Feelin' like I'm headed for a padded cell the-
Bar for me what I rap, is it there?
But, guess that's the standard I'm held to
But if somethin' like that doesn't tell you
You set a mark too high when platinum sales are looked at as a failure
But you better take it back to the shelter and Hamburger Helper 'cause dammit I'm still the...

[Chorus]
Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
(No lie) I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest joker to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what?
I'm the greatest

[Verse 2]
So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (What?)
Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (Haha)
Wait, what was I just about to say?
Oh yeah, let me get this out the way
I know there's people that are pissed about the way I misprounouced a name
"DIE ANTWOORD!"
Fuck! I still can't say the shit
But how quickly they forget who the fuck I was
Now Ninja try to duck my slugs to let ya girl get fucked by Muggs
I'd like to give a shout to Cypress
This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to give you a shout
Now get the fuck out my rhyme book
No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers
I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it
God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window, somebody better child-proof it
'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit
And I can remind motherfuckers I'll do shit
You don't got the tools, I got my toolkit, I bullshit you not
Ya'll fools just forgot that I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts
And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop
So you call it a nostril 'cause it's not-gonna-ever
I'll never let up on the pedal might as well get the mop
'Cause I'm wiping everyone up in this genre
'Cause on the mic I fee like I'm the...

[Chorus]
Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
(No lie) I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest joker to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what?
I'm the greatest

[Verse 3]
Oh yeah and one more thing I want to mention
Is you're one dimension
I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention
I love contentions so welcome to the gun convention
Muscles flexin', gotta strut like I flunked suspension
And you just stuck the key up in the ignition
And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (yeah)
Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft
I just slapped ISIS with a ISIS flag, bet you I come back twice as bad (uh)
Revival didn't go viral!
Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road
Fuck that I'm finna hit back 'til I run out of gun powder and split the scene
Hold the mic like similar to pistol squeeze
And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things
And my lips and the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine drinking, when slim gets mean
Bars on these boys when I split them schemes
That's why I call the motherfuckers M-16's
Float like a butterfly, I'ma sting like a bee you ain't harming a thing
I get a day hard as I'm gonna swing, I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling
But like a wedding band you gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring
An anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali 'cause I know one day I'm gonna be the... 


[Chorus]
Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world
(No lie) I might be
The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it
I feel like the greatest, woke up to honkies sounding like me
Never be as good, never be as good
Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, but what?
I'm the greatest
INTRO
What would it take to push a man, far enough to put somethin' 
Material over a human life? What would drive someone completely 
Over the edge to do some shit like that? The green and gold.
VERSE
I done filled my lungs up
With so much of this crack smoke
My necks bloated, my techs loaded, 
I'm flat broke, and im pissed off, 
Mad at the world ive had it with girls 
And im frustrated, ran to the bus stop ,
Just made it and hopped on 
Ready to drop bombs on the first person who had a nice suit and a watch on 
I spot JOHN a white collar worker 
In clean cut, walked up to em 
He was like what? Whatchu mean what? You know what time it is man 
At your next stop gimme that rolex watch with that diamond rist band. 
Got his green and his gold dashed it climbed in his van to steal it and seen 
A man holdin' a nine and then 
Shot him from the bottom up 
Stole his keys, put 'em inside the ignition and got 'em stuck, 
Hopped out to flee on my feet, 
Fucked around, forgot that I left my ID on the seat
Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head wit'
The peg
Go to bed with a keg, wake up with a 40
Mixed up with Alka-Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab I strapped the whole sheet to my forehead
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead
No more said, case closed, end of discussion
I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombers
We blowin' up your house, killing your parents
And coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
'Cause I ain't making no more threats
I'm doing drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam War vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more 'cause I smoked crack
Today, yesterday, and the day before
Saboteur, walk the block with a Labrador
Strap with more coral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore
Verbal cow manure
Coming together like the eyebrown on Al B. Sure
It's only fair to warn I was born
With a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord
Warlord of rap that'll bush you with a two-by-four board
And smashed into your Honda Accord
With a four-door Ford
But I'm more towards droppin' an a cappella
That's choppin' a fella into mozzarella
Worse than a hellacopta propella
Got you locked in the cella'
With your skeleton showing
Developing anorexia
While I'm standin' next to ya
Eating a full-course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your veins Feeding you liquif Darvocet
Pumpin you full of drugs
Pull the plugs
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance
And driven
To Receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants
And given
A less than 20 percent chance
Of living
Have a possible placement
As a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in Grandma's little basement
Dr. Kevorkian has arrived
To perfom an autopsy on you while you scream ?I'M STILL ALIVE!?
Driving a rustly scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your Adam's apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire departement
I've hired an arson
To set fire to the carpet
And burn up your entire apartament
I'm a liar that starts shit
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick
So tight you need a crowbar to pry her apart wit'
[Intro – Eminem] 

Shady Records 
I’m Marshall 
I’m in your house at the evening 
Yo, turn that click off 

[EMINEM]

Yo! Turn that click off
My music is theraputic
But its also provin
That it can put you in the mood to
jump out your car while it's movin
You been waitin' on this moment
My sermon is like a omen
I'm servin' I'm Erick Sermon
I saw the window was open
And I jumped through it
My shit if you don't get pumped to it
I quit, here's my rhyme book
Go ahead and thumb through it
And pick what you want from it
Rummage,and find something
you can use to jump someone
And roll up bumpin
I'm constantly copin' over you
Squattin', shit has gotten to the point
Where I ain't even writin' no more, I'm just jottin'
This is chicken scratch, shit is sickenin'
I've been kickin' ass off bullshit
Throwaway rhymes, pick a batch
I live for the love of rap, you crazy
Ive made beats for Jay-Z for free
Page me, you need a beat, you Cannabis
Then it's Dre's fee, you Kay Slay the fees waved
I stay beefin' with JD, till the day Dre 2-ways me
That it's okay to stop blazin' him
Oops! I put it out, I apologize now
It's too late G, it's on tape
And the tape leaped, "Say What You Say" mothafucka
Drama King, Kay Slay, mothafucka, We dictate these mixtapes mothafucka
Xzibit blaze little gay midget cocksucka

[Xzibit]

Ladies and Gentlemen!
This is dedicated to the man we all love to hate
Tattoo a.k.a The Leprechaun a.k.a. Mr. Jermaine Dupri
Come on ladies and gentlemen, sing a long
{Randy Newman - Short People Sample)
(Short people got) What! (no reason) Yeah!
(Short people got) What! (no reason) Come On!
(Short people got no reason to live)
Haha fuckin' faggot...
[Xzibit]
If ya So So Def than bitch get a hearing aid
Ain't worth ya gauge ya heart pumping lemonade
Hook, line and sinker ya took the bait
Act ya age, not ya size, not ya weight
Every time you professional making hits
Why it always gotta sound like the next men shit?
Went from Big to Puff to Snoop to Jay
Hey Jermaine who's dick you gon' ride today?
Couldn't wait to get the green light from Dr. Dre
Never liked ya fuckin' ass any goddamn way
And I could care less if we label mates
Your style been dead Columbians should drop the weight
I got love for Da Brat get off Bow Wow back
Fuck you, fuck ya niggas that's writing ya raps
What up lo get ya L.A. pass revoked
Don't get me wrong Papa Smurf you won't get smoked
But ya might get robbed and choked
Or you might disappear, kidnapped with no ransom note
Off the leash, off the hook, off the chain
Fuck Jermaine you ain't gotta say my name
Speak now or forever hold a dick in ya mouth
You ain't the mayor, you don't run shit in the South
Scarface run the South motherfucker you will be on
The underage bitch in the Kelly tape getting pee'd on
Cock-eyed midget with a Napoleon complex
Nickelodeon fetish you represent nonsense
Harlem Shake to that, high jump to hell
You the best in the business, I can't tell
Too late to apologize kiss my ass
We about to cut your whole sound scan in half
Got to keep your hands up homie protect yo'self
Stop fucking with the West nigga respect yo'self
It's a short ride to the top and a long way down
Look Man vs. Machine about to drop now
This ain't no beef it's more like lunch meat
Loss caliber heat let's take it to the street muh'fucker
Ha ha...ha ha....ha ha.....ha ha ha ha ha ha....haaaa ha ha ha ha ha
Oh my god...yeah, yeah
[Intro]
"What is a nightmare?
The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare"

 [Verse 1]
I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious
 'til one day I grew suspicious, when I stepped on a crack
 On Aunt Edna's stoop and got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons
Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start anew, but ditching
Missouri for Michigan didn't work, so we moved
 Back to Missouri from Michigan, from Missouri back to Michigan
 Someone put me out my misery, I can't do this again
Mom, please stick to a decision, discipline, last thing I wanna do is listen
She's like Lex Luthor, bitch, her rules are Krypton-
 -ite, so the walls - I've lost my power to see through them bitches
But I run into 'em, running through the kitchen
Pretending to be blind Superman, cause I had no supervision
But I did have a super power though, I could turn into invisible kid
 Disappear out of sight, like a true magician
And one day Uncle Ronnie brought over this new, but different
 Music into the picture and it became my new religion

 [Interlude]
"I remember it clearly, even today"

 [Verse 2]
Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Nan
Always itching for something to do
Was flipping through the radio stations one day and discovered
 This DJ who was mixing, I say it to this day, if you ain't listened
 To the Wizzard, you ain't have a fucking clue what you was missing
I'd zone out with my headphones, all I remember doing's wishing for shoes
 Fuck them stupid Pumas bitch, it's all about them new edition Troops
You get them LL Cool J cooling system
Made that final maneuver to 8 Mile and Hoover
And somehow I saw my future is in this, that's how I know my mission
Little boom box booming, spitting, practicing numerous writtens
When I sit in my room envisioning my dreams come to fruition
I remember Proof would visit, couldn't wait to play him my new shit
 He'd go cuckoo ballistic, go through the roof for his shit
 It's like we knew the instant, we touched a mic that both of us
 Too existed to do this shit, never quit, too persistent

 [Interlude]
"We are the underground empire"

 [Verse 3]
Started a group of misfits, Proof had a proposition
 If we all band together, there ain't no stopping this shit
 Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and
 Be ready to come off the top as sharp precision
If you got dissed at the Shop, cause if they caught you slipping
 They'd take your spot if someone got to ripping you
And you forgot your written
Opportunity knocks once, it ain't knocking again
It tried ding-dong ditching shit
I fucking got that bitch in a headlock, cut off his oxygen Slim
 It's not budging, like cocksucking cynderblocks in the wind
Now I got a pot to piss in
Spot in that top position, kopping over the opposition
Looking like a dog that's pissing, leg up on the competition
Promising complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson
 I'm in a league Muhammad's in, Ali's my colleague bombing 'em
Probably end up on top of 'em, stomping 'em like Ndamukong
I'm Russian like a Ukrainian, LaDainian Tomlinson
Flow vomits in your face, competitors fall at my waist
 You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face
So name the time, place to battle bitch, I'm still in that mind state
Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes
Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words is loose
But you turds better be careful how you choose yours
Cause feelings scar, but egos bruise worse
And the truth hurts, shit no wonder you're sore losers
Now where's your poo birds, ooh
No more tripping in bird shit, songs of self-empowerment surging
Words of encouragement, but discouraging the rappers
The Rap Game's God, but the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith
So let these words lift, cause all I got is bars
 For you dumbbells, since yours ain't working out
Each verse is more merciless than the first is, and you ain't got to wear
 No shoes and shirt in this bitch to get served, bloodthirst revenge of the nerds

 [Interlude]
"That you'll not escape my vengeance"

 [Verse 4]
And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone
 Word to Uncle Ron, I'm turning into a non-humble Don
You blind dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on
 So start the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on
 Better back away from the front row, get launched, show you I'm
 Bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo on the fucking Jumbotron
I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna rumble, you Bomboclaat
I'll leave you stretched out, like a fucking yawn
So mow the fucking lawn, your asses are blades of grass
 And I'm fucking up this whole landscape of rap
The GOAT just ate eight acres, an eighth of that
Was just to make a path and take it straight to your favorite rapper
Oh look, my notebook looks smoke cooked
 Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove
Soot, charred debris floating like Oakwood
 Was burning, return of the no good and I won't quit

 [Interlude]
"And the next thing I know something came crawling up from below
 Something that made Godzilla look like a plain..."

 [Hook]
And I don't quit, won't change, it's like a Groundhog's Day
So crowd around y'all, cause you may, see if I popped your head

 [Bridge]
I'm a monster... I'mma turn into a monster
 I'm a monster with my dick in your mouth all day!

 [Outro]
"I'm not so sure I want to know from whence it came
 But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed
 There, before that shimmering veil of light, the ivory skin slug thing"
[Interlude]
Eh
Been waiting a long time for this shit
Long time, no see
Thought you got rid of my ass, huh?
Eh
Half a bag of Viagra
I'm gonna reach around and grab you
Bruh
Sometimes I wonder if my homie's gay
Wait, where'd everybody go?
They left me again
Eh
Half a bag of Viagra
I'm gonna reach around and grab you
Bruh
[sound of static]

[announcer]
Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old.
Fed up with life and the way things are going,
he decides to rob a liquor store.
("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes")
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play...
("Shit is mine, I gotta do this.. gotta do this")

[Dr. Dre]
Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin conscience

[Eminem]
That's nonsense!
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns

[Eminem]
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?

[Dr. Dre]
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!)
Not over this shit (Stop!) Drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude..)

[sound of static]

("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute")
("Mmm, I don't know!")
("Look baby..")
("Damn!")
("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?")
("Well OK..")

[announcer]
Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. ("Give me a kiss!")
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play... ("Shit!")

[Eminem]
Now listen to me, while you're kissin her cheek
and smearin her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe..
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush.. does it got hair? (Uh huh!)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie _Kids_?)
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail..

[sound of static]
[pickup idling, radio playing]

[announcer]
Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
he walks in the door of his trailer park home
to find his wife in bed with another man.
("WHAT THE FUCK?!?!")
("Grady!!")

[Dr. Dre]
Alright calm down, relax, start breathin..

[Eminem]
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin
While you at work she's with some dude tryin to get off?!
FUCK slittin her throat, CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!

[Dr. Dre]
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?
(What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?!)
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy

[Eminem]
Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES??!

[Dr. Dre]
What'chu say? (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?)
I'ma kill you motherfucker!

[Eminem]
Uhhh-aahh! Temper temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

[Dr. Dre]
Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that.. aw fuck it...
What am I sayin? Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?

[gun fires, is cocked, and re-fired]
[Intro: Eminem & Slim Shady]
Welp, we did it now
I know right
It's beautiful ain't it?
Yeah, you happy now, bitch?
Yep
Alright, you got what you wanted
Yeah, what?
Let me go
Ha, never

[Verse: Eminem & Slim Shady]
Why does it feel like I'm always being tortured?
The bad apple spoils the whole orchard
Used to read comic books to learn more words
'Cause deep down I'm a dork, just a core nerd
Meaning nerd to the core 'til I'm cornered
Then I'm the coroner
What shot is this? First, second, it's your third
Vision is more blurred
Speech is more slurred
Can't even form words
It's likе a dream up inside of a dream
I'm trappеd and it's worse than I could've imagined, it's madness
Can't wake up, try my damnedest, but old habits are coming back
And now transgenders attack us, frontwards and backwards
They laughin', throwin midgets at us (Ha)
This ain't no dream now, huh? See what I mean now?
You see how they tryna make me out to be some kind of mean vile obscene, foul prick
I kick one freestyle 'bout beating down a special needs child and these people freak out
Told you we'd get slaughtered for saying "Retarded"
Aw, Marshall's gaining a conscience (Fuck you)
Fuck, this may come as a shock
I have you astonished regardless
Here's the thing about retarded people
What?
They don't fucking know they're retarded
Well, okay, you wanna fat shame, bitch
Two can play that game (What?)
You wanna judge people? (Yeah)
Matter of fact, ain't you the same one who hated bullies calling you bad names? (Yep)
Then you turn around and did the exact same (So?)
Just immature and literally
You're still mentally
Thirteen and still thirsty for some controversy
You still picking on Christopher Reeves
Yeah, but you're me
And we're a team
So that means, we're in cahoots
That's conspiracy to commit murder lyrically
So clearly, you're the accessory like jewelry
You ain't the judge or the jury, you're just as guilty
You rip on paraplegics, man, seriously?
Oh, bitch, it's a joke
No, it's not, it's embarrassing (What?)
Like David Carradine found with a pair of jeans at his ankles and belt 'round his larynx
I know, it's a scary scene
They're coming with everything
Little people are trolling me (Ha)
They saying they've had it (What?) up to here with me
Oh, hilarity (Come on)
Nah, do your thing
Fuck deaf people, yeah
Well, between me and you
I've think they've had it up to here with me too(What the fuck?)
Sorry I'm not perfect as you, Marshall
Punching down on little people (Yeah), not cool (Whoops)
You just sound like a dick, wait, nah, fool (What?)
When I say, "Fuck midgets," I mean Ja Rule (Oh)
And I know that Chris Reeves song was recorded in 2004 for Encore (Yeah)
Fuck'd you take it off for?
'Cause he died, man, that motherfucker did that bullshit on purpose to ruin the song for us (Man)
Man, I never seen a bigger pussy than you
Bitch, look at all the shit the media's puttin' me through (What?)
'Cause of all the fuck shit that you pushed me to do (Me?)
Should've knew when I found you, you were just too good to be true (Hmm)
That's how we end up in these quagmires
You said you had my back, liar
But I helped you get your stacks higher (Yeah)
That's diamond sales like sapphires
Rap buyers, admires pack lines of admirers
Now they say you lack ire
That's why your satire backfires (Yeah)
Flat tires, no longer that guy you were prior to this
Yeah, and I scare you 'cause (Why?) I'm who you used to be (Who?)
The you who didn't crumble under the scrutiny(Wait, what?)
When it was you and me (Yeah)
I gave you power to use me as an excuse to be evil(I know)
You created me to say everything you didn't have the balls to say (Yep)
What you were thinking but in a more diabolic way
You fed me pills and a bottle of alcohol a day(Okay)
Made me too strong for you and lost control of me(You're right)
I took over you totally
You were socially awkward 'til you molded me(Yeah)
You was a loner and nobody
'Cause of me, you didn't take shit from nobody
Now look at you (What?)
Now you just a punk (Man), little scaredy cat (Word)
Got you shook like Shakira's ass (Yeah)
To look at your reflection staring back, bitch
It's just a mirror, relax
Man, you're so full of shit, you need MiraLAX
Open your mouth and shit flies out, just lies
You thinkin' you can rip my ass, undo these zipties
You can just undo my feet and keep my hands tied
'Cause like an avalanche, I'd still win by a landside
Oh, you think so, bitch? Yeah, I know so
Okay, your hands and feet, I let 'em both go
Yeah, fuck now, ho, give me that gun, no, don't
Rear naked choke hold, let me go, yo
Here, take it, bozo (Yeah)
Weird bait, you homo (You ready?)
No, don't shoot (Here we go)
Bro, no, no
Now say you're sorry and you didn't mean any of it
I'm sorry Marshall's a pussy, he's Dre and Jimmy's puppet (What?)
Sorry he gives a fuck, but pretends he doesn't
God, you piece of shit, that does it (Uh-oh, wait)
Yeah, bitch, this is for him (What?)
Christopher, MGK, Nick, and for Limp Bizkit and them
Midgets and Ben— (Man, please)
'Zino, in addition to him
Will Smith and to Canibus, if you're listening, this is the end (Okay, okay, I'll stop)
So to Jamar and Ja Rule and to all
My feuds including ma (What?)
I'm welcoming you to my (No, no)
Last hoorah, I bid you goodbye (Come on, man, don't do this)
Murder suicide
Killshot, booyaka, cock sucker
Coup de grâce, motherfucker [Verse: Eminem & Slim Shady]
Why does it feel like I'm always being tortured?
The bad apple spoils the whole orchard
Used to read comic books to learn more words
'Cause deep down I'm a dork, just a core nerd
Meaning nerd to the core 'til I'm cornered
Then I'm the coroner
What shot is this? First, second, it's your third
Vision is more blurred
Speech is more slurred
Can't even form words
It's likе a dream up inside of a dream
I'm trappеd and it's worse than I could've imagined, it's madness
Can't wake up, try my damnedest, but old habits are coming back
And now transgenders attack us, frontwards and backwards
They laughin', throwin midgets at us (Ha)
This ain't no dream now, huh? See what I mean now?
You see how they tryna make me out to be some kind of mean vile obscene, foul prick
I kick one freestyle 'bout beating down a special needs child and these people freak out
Told you we'd get slaughtered for saying "Retarded"
Aw, Marshall's gaining a conscience (Fuck you)
Fuck, this may come as a shock
I have you astonished regardless
Here's the thing about retarded people
What?
They don't fucking know they're retarded
Well, okay, you wanna fat shame, bitch
Two can play that game (What?)
You wanna judge people? (Yeah)
Matter of fact, ain't you the same one who hated bullies calling you bad names? (Yep)
Then you turn around and did the exact same (So?)
Just immature and literally
You're still mentally
Thirteen and still thirsty for some controversy
You still picking on Christopher Reeves
Yeah, but you're me
And we're a team
So that means, we're in cahoots
That's conspiracy to commit murder lyrically
So clearly, you're the accessory like jewelry
You ain't the judge or the jury, you're just as guilty
You rip on paraplegics, man, seriously?
Oh, bitch, it's a joke
No, it's not, it's embarrassing (What?)
Like David Carradine found with a pair of jeans at his ankles and belt 'round his larynx
I know, it's a scary scene
They're coming with everything
Little people are trolling me (Ha)
They saying they've had it (What?) up to here with me
Oh, hilarity (Come on)
Nah, do your thing
Fuck deaf people, yeah
Well, between me and you
I've think they've had it up to here with me too(What the fuck?)
Sorry I'm not perfect as you, Marshall
Punching down on little people (Yeah), not cool (Whoops)
You just sound like a dick, wait, nah, fool (What?)
When I say, "Fuck midgets," I mean Ja Rule (Oh)
And I know that Chris Reeves song was recorded in 2004 for Encore (Yeah)
Fuck'd you take it off for?
'Cause he died, man, that motherfucker did that bullshit on purpose to ruin the song for us (Man)
Man, I never seen a bigger pussy than you
Bitch, look at all the shit the media's puttin' me through (What?)
'Cause of all the fuck shit that you pushed me to do (Me?)
Should've knew when I found you, you were just too good to be true (Hmm)
That's how we end up in these quagmires
You said you had my back, liar
But I helped you get your stacks higher (Yeah)
That's diamond sales like sapphires
Rap buyers, admires pack lines of admirers
Now they say you lack ire
That's why your satire backfires (Yeah)
Flat tires, no longer that guy you were prior to this
Yeah, and I scare you 'cause (Why?) I'm who you used to be (Who?)
The you who didn't crumble under the scrutiny(Wait, what?)
When it was you and me (Yeah)
I gave you power to use me as an excuse to be evil(I know)
You created me to say everything you didn't have the balls to say (Yep)
What you were thinking but in a more diabolic way
You fed me pills and a bottle of alcohol a day(Okay)
Made me too strong for you and lost control of me(You're right)
I took over you totally
You were socially awkward 'til you molded me(Yeah)
You was a loner and nobody
'Cause of me, you didn't take shit from nobody
Now look at you (What?)
Now you just a punk (Man), little scaredy cat (Word)
Got you shook like Shakira's ass (Yeah)
To look at your reflection staring back, bitch
It's just a mirror, relax
Man, you're so full of shit, you need MiraLAX
Open your mouth and shit flies out, just lies
You thinkin' you can rip my ass, undo these zipties
You can just undo my feet and keep my hands tied
'Cause like an avalanche, I'd still win by a landside
Oh, you think so, bitch? Yeah, I know so
Okay, your hands and feet, I let 'em both go
Yeah, fuck now, ho, give me that gun, no, don't
Rear naked choke hold, let me go, yo
Here, take it, bozo (Yeah)
Weird bait, you homo (You ready?)
No, don't shoot (Here we go)
Bro, no, no
Now say you're sorry and you didn't mean any of it
I'm sorry Marshall's a pussy, he's Dre and Jimmy's puppet (What?)
Sorry he gives a fuck, but pretends he doesn't
God, you piece of shit, that does it (Uh-oh, wait)
Yeah, bitch, this is for him (What?)
Christopher, MGK, Nick, and for Limp Bizkit and them
Midgets and Ben— (Man, please)
'Zino, in addition to him
Will Smith and to Canibus, if you're listening, this is the end (Okay, okay, I'll stop)
So to Jamar and Ja Rule and to all
My feuds including ma (What?)
I'm welcoming you to my (No, no)
Last hoorah, I bid you goodbye (Come on, man, don't do this)
Murder suicide
Killshot, booyaka, cock sucker
Coup de grâce, motherfucker [Verse: Eminem & Slim Shady]
Why does it feel like I'm always being tortured?
The bad apple spoils the whole orchard
Used to read comic books to learn more words
'Cause deep down I'm a dork, just a core nerd
Meaning nerd to the core 'til I'm cornered
Then I'm the coroner
What shot is this? First, second, it's your third
Vision is more blurred
Speech is more slurred
Can't even form words
It's likе a dream up inside of a dream
I'm trappеd and it's worse than I could've imagined, it's madness
Can't wake up, try my damnedest, but old habits are coming back
And now transgenders attack us, frontwards and backwards
They laughin', throwin midgets at us (Ha)
This ain't no dream now, huh? See what I mean now?
You see how they tryna make me out to be some kind of mean vile obscene, foul prick
I kick one freestyle 'bout beating down a special needs child and these people freak out
Told you we'd get slaughtered for saying "Retarded"
Aw, Marshall's gaining a conscience (Fuck you)
Fuck, this may come as a shock
I have you astonished regardless
Here's the thing about retarded people
What?
They don't fucking know they're retarded
Well, okay, you wanna fat shame, bitch
Two can play that game (What?)
You wanna judge people? (Yeah)
Matter of fact, ain't you the same one who hated bullies calling you bad names? (Yep)
Then you turn around and did the exact same (So?)
Just immature and literally
You're still mentally
Thirteen and still thirsty for some controversy
You still picking on Christopher Reeves
Yeah, but you're me
And we're a team
So that means, we're in cahoots
That's conspiracy to commit murder lyrically
So clearly, you're the accessory like jewelry
You ain't the judge or the jury, you're just as guilty
You rip on paraplegics, man, seriously?
Oh, bitch, it's a joke
No, it's not, it's embarrassing (What?)
Like David Carradine found with a pair of jeans at his ankles and belt 'round his larynx
I know, it's a scary scene
They're coming with everything
Little people are trolling me (Ha)
They saying they've had it (What?) up to here with me
Oh, hilarity (Come on)
Nah, do your thing
Fuck deaf people, yeah
Well, between me and you
I've think they've had it up to here with me too(What the fuck?)
Sorry I'm not perfect as you, Marshall
Punching down on little people (Yeah), not cool (Whoops)
You just sound like a dick, wait, nah, fool (What?)
When I say, "Fuck midgets," I mean Ja Rule (Oh)
And I know that Chris Reeves song was recorded in 2004 for Encore (Yeah)
Fuck'd you take it off for?
'Cause he died, man, that motherfucker did that bullshit on purpose to ruin the song for us (Man)
Man, I never seen a bigger pussy than you
Bitch, look at all the shit the media's puttin' me through (What?)
'Cause of all the fuck shit that you pushed me to do (Me?)
Should've knew when I found you, you were just too good to be true (Hmm)
That's how we end up in these quagmires
You said you had my back, liar
But I helped you get your stacks higher (Yeah)
That's diamond sales like sapphires
Rap buyers, admires pack lines of admirers
Now they say you lack ire
That's why your satire backfires (Yeah)
Flat tires, no longer that guy you were prior to this
Yeah, and I scare you 'cause (Why?) I'm who you used to be (Who?)
The you who didn't crumble under the scrutiny(Wait, what?)
When it was you and me (Yeah)
I gave you power to use me as an excuse to be evil(I know)
You created me to say everything you didn't have the balls to say (Yep)
What you were thinking but in a more diabolic way
You fed me pills and a bottle of alcohol a day(Okay)
Made me too strong for you and lost control of me(You're right)
I took over you totally
You were socially awkward 'til you molded me(Yeah)
You was a loner and nobody
'Cause of me, you didn't take shit from nobody
Now look at you (What?)
Now you just a punk (Man), little scaredy cat (Word)
Got you shook like Shakira's ass (Yeah)
To look at your reflection staring back, bitch
It's just a mirror, relax
Man, you're so full of shit, you need MiraLAX
Open your mouth and shit flies out, just lies
You thinkin' you can rip my ass, undo these zipties
You can just undo my feet and keep my hands tied
'Cause like an avalanche, I'd still win by a landside
Oh, you think so, bitch? Yeah, I know so
Okay, your hands and feet, I let 'em both go
Yeah, fuck now, ho, give me that gun, no, don't
Rear naked choke hold, let me go, yo
Here, take it, bozo (Yeah)
Weird bait, you homo (You ready?)
No, don't shoot (Here we go)
Bro, no, no
Now say you're sorry and you didn't mean any of it
I'm sorry Marshall's a pussy, he's Dre and Jimmy's puppet (What?)
Sorry he gives a fuck, but pretends he doesn't
God, you piece of shit, that does it (Uh-oh, wait)
Yeah, bitch, this is for him (What?)
Christopher, MGK, Nick, and for Limp Bizkit and them
Midgets and Ben— (Man, please)
'Zino, in addition to him
Will Smith and to Canibus, if you're listening, this is the end (Okay, okay, I'll stop)
So to Jamar and Ja Rule and to all
My feuds including ma (What?)
I'm welcoming you to my (No, no)
Last hoorah, I bid you goodbye (Come on, man, don't do this)
Murder suicide
Killshot, booyaka, cock sucker
Coup de grâce, motherfucker

[Outro: Eminem & Paul Rosenberg]
Oh, what the fuck?
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Yeah?
Paul
You're not gonna fucking believe this, bro
I had this dream, it was fucking crazy
It was like, the old me came back and the new me
And took over my brain and had me saying all this fucked up shit
About little people and Caitlyn Jenner and
PC police were chasing me
And fucking Gen Z was tryna kill me
And quadriplegics
And Christopher Reeves
And I was saying all this fucked up shit
And I couldn't stop saying it
And then I wake and it was like I was still dreaming
Fuck you
Wait
Haha
[Intro: Sly Pyper & Dr. Dre]
It's time to face the music
A stay of execution
No more distribution
(The fuck you doin'?)

[Chorus: Sly Pyper & Dr. Dre]
You did this to me
I'm right back on my bullshit, right back out on these streets
Just remember that you did this to yourself (Yeah, you did it to yourself)
Now you gotta suffer the consequences
Back up to bat and swingin' for the fences (Remember that)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Sly Pyper]
Let's make one thing clear (Here), here, my dear
My resolute for this year
No pollution, fresh air
My solution, long hair with a fat ass, I'm deadass
Mile high club 'til I jеt lag
Rothstein flow, Casino
And you're just like Gingеr, we know
Single negro, I don't need your (Double standards and hypocrisy)
And that fake handholdin' on Father's Day
You a different motherfucker when you're not with me
Been sleepin' with the enemy, mockery
It's like I'm John F. Kennedy, shots at me
Yes, I'm president of debauchery
None of that bullshit ever got to me
'Cause your pillow Brillo, ditto
Breakin' this shit down little by little
I ain't got time for the fuckin' pom-poms
Shoulda never let this dog out of that kennel
[Refrain: Sly Pyper, Dr. Dre & Both]
Wastin' time, debatin' 'bout
Who I'm with when I'm not around
Just don't forget who you fuckin' wit'
When steppin' on hallowed ground

[Chorus: Sly Pyper & Eminem]
('Cause) You did this to me (Yeah, I'm)
Right back on my bullshit, right back out on these streets
Just remember that you did this to yourself (Yeah, you did it to yourself)
But now you gotta suffer the consequences
(And "sorry" isn't gonna help, nah)

[Verse 2: Eminem & Sly Pyper]
How many times have I got burnt and tried to act like I'm not hurt? (What?)
Or take you back and we not work, like clockwork
This shit is agony, you're draggin' me, Glocks burst
Just remember, you drawed first
You ain't toe taggin' me, ho-bag, any blowback, you deserve
Get the bozack, bitch (Yeah), my soul's blackening
So actually, this could've been a lot worse (Why?)
I could've name-dropped you in my verse (Yeah)
But out of respect for your daughter
I won't blow your spot up 'cause your toddler
Does not deserve to get caught up in our dirt (Damn)
And good luck with the father
Bitch, you're stuck with him now, ah-fuckin'-ha
Word to the doctor, these are wounds you cannot nurse
Hope it's drivin' you bonkers that I'm not yours (Oh no, woo)
Guess I must've got wise, you are not sly
Just 'cause you can make up an on-the-spot lie
I'm comin' out, guns blazin', shots fired
Hand sani', I'm cutting off ties
Bitch, everything you own's in a box, bye
Guess it's back to the trailer and pot pies
Hope I pull up to the window at Popeyes
One day and you'll be servin' me hot fries 'cause (You did this to me)
Taste of your own medicine
You shedded skin, yeah, you reptilian bitch
Off of your knees (Yeah), beggin' for forgiveness
Yeah, look at you, marry him again, bitch
You ain't Em's bitch, you're just regular him's bitch
We will never be together again, ever
And when you're in bed with him and you wish you was with me
Just remember that
[Chorus: Sly Pyper, Eminem & Both]
You did this to me (Yeah, now)
I'm right back on my bullshit, right back out on these streets (Look what you did)
Just remember that you did this to yourself (Yeah, you did it to yourself)
But now you gotta suffer the consequences
(And "sorry" isn't gonna help)
Remember that (Michelle) you did this to me (Yeah)
I'm right back on my bullshit, right back out on these streets (Fuck around and make you famous)
Just remember that you did this to yourself (Yeah, you did it to yourself)
But now you gotta suffer the consequences (Oh no)
(So when I'm hittin' someone else and you're)

[Refrain: Sly Pyper, Dr. Dre & Both]
Wastin' time, debatin' 'bout
Who I'm with when I'm not around
Just don't forget who you fuckin' wit'
When steppin' on hallowed ground
[Bridge: Eminem]
Feels like a close, it’s coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is
Find different ways to word the same old song
Ever since I came along
From the day the song called "Hi! My Name Is" dropped
Started thinking my name was fall
Cause anytime things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on
The media made me the equivalent of a modern-day Genghis Kahn
Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dawg
Gangsta? Naw, courageous balls
Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft
And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws
And the thing’s been out since then
But up until the instant that I’ve been against it
It was ingrained in me that I wouldn’t amount to a shitstain I thought
No wonder I had to unlearn everything that my brain was taught
Do I really belong in this game? I pondered
I just wanna play my part, should I make waves or not?
So back and forth in my brain the tug of war wages on
And I don’t wanna seem ungrateful or disrespect the artform I was raised upon
But sometimes you gotta take a loss
And have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off
And keep pluggin’, it’s your only outlet
And your only outfit, so you know they gonna talk about it
Better find a way to counter it quick and make it, ah
Feel like I’ve already said this a kabillion eighty times
How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme?
What I really wanna say is, is there anyone else that can relate to my story?
Bet you feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are, when I was afraid to…

[Hook: Sia]
I was afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I will never find a way out, out, out
Afraid I never be found
I didn’t wanna go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses with everyone
So here I am and I will not run
Guts over fear, the time is here
Guts over fear, I shed a tear
For all the times I let you push me round
And let you keep me down
Guts over fear, guts over fear

[Bridge: Eminem]
Feels like a close, it’s coming to
Fuck am I gonna do?
It's too late to start over
This is the only thing I, thing I know

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I know what it’s like, I was there once single parent
Hate your appearance, did you struggle to find your place in this world?
And the pain spawns all the anger on
But it wasn’t until I put the pain in songs learned who to aim it on
That I made a spark, started to spit hard as shit
Learned how to harness it while the reins were off
And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part
Was soon as I stopped saying "I gave a fuck"
Haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I’ve caused
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone?
The lights go out in the trailer park
And the window that was closing and there’s nowhere else I can go with flows in
And I’m frozen cause there’s no more emotion for me to pull from
Just a bunch of playful songs that I made for fun
So to the break of dawn here I go recycling the same old song
But I’d rather make “Not Afraid 2” than another make mothafuckin’ “We Made You” uh
Now I don’t wanna seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs
My demise and my uprise, pray to God
I just opened enough eyes later on
Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use it to make you strong
And enough to lift yourself up when you feel like I felt
Cause I can’t explain to y’all how dang exhausted my legs felt
Just having to balance my damn self
Those dang eggshells, I was made to walk
But thank you ma, ‘cause that gave me the
Strength to cause Shady-mania, so many empty that stadium
At least I made it out of that house and a found a place in this world when the day was done
So this is for every kid who all’s they ever did was dreamt that one day they would just get accepted
I represent him or her, anyone similar, you are the reason I made this song
Everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more
From this day on forward, just let them a-holes talk
Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fucking faces off
The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I’m gone
And to think I was...

[Hook: Sia]
I was afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I will never find a way out, out, out
Afraid I never be found
I didn’t wanna go another round
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses with everyone
So here I am and I will not run
Guts over fear, the time is here
Guts over fear, I shed a tear
For all the times I let you push me round
And let you keep me down
Guts over fear, guts over fear
[Intro: Eminem]
Been waiting a long time for this shit (Ah)
Long time no see (Ah)
Thought you got rid of my ass, huh? (Let me go, you sick fuck)
Alright, here's what we're gonna do (Piece of shit)
You take this (No)
Or I put a bullet between your fucking eyes (I don't wanna)
Here (Fuck no)
We'll split it (No)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Half an Ativan, I'm drivin' straight at a van
In a black Sedan, fast as I can
In Pakistan gettin' chased by a pack of Stans
You know how I roll, bitch (What?), I'm an avalanche
This my shit, I'm gonna spit it how I wanna spit it
Your wife and kids offended, suck a dick and fuck a critic
'Bout to get retarded on this motherfuckin' shit, it
"You can't say retarded," shut up, midget (The fuck?)
And I've been tryna break the habit of sayin' any R words
But I'm still an addict, so it's getting harder (Ah)
Been callin' bitches "hoes" since a kindergartnеr
This is Jimmy Carter, now I'm kitty-cornered (What?)
Sittin' in PC court with a shitty lawyеr (Shit), like damn

[Chorus: White Gold & Eminem]
You got an addiction, man (Ah)
I know you can't get rid of me forever
'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man
Goddamn, I miss you, Slim (Woo)
You got an addiction, man
I know you can't get rid of me forever
'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man
Next time, I'll be in your vein (Yeah)
[Verse 2: Eminem]
Was just a kid from Detroit who knew how to destroy the booth
And had a point to prove (Yeah), and I'm missin' (What?)
Venomous, still I poison youth, sentences (Yeah)
I'm pennin' are just to toy with you which is a joy to do, Slim is just (What?)
A lyricist here to voice his truth, sentiments (Yeah)
Got the women pissed and it seems like men are just (What?) off growing a huge clitoris (Pussies)
Yeah, I probably annoyed a few feminists
I reminisce on them blowing a fuse over my points of views
Still I'm devoid of two shits to give (Yeah)
My thinkin' is primitive
But when it comes to givin' it to anybody, boy, is Bruce generous (Marshall)
And I'm 'bout as much of boy as Bruce Jenner is (Damn)
'Cause I'm not a boy, I'm a man, bitch, man-bitch (Ha-ha)
My speech is free as his choice to choose gender is (Man)
This shit is like opioid abuse, isn't it? (Yup)

[Chorus: White Gold]
You got an addiction, man
I know you can't get rid of me forever
'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man
Goddamn, I miss you, Slim (Woo, uh)
You got an addiction, man
I know you can't get rid of me forever
'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man
Next time, I'll be in your veins

[Bridge: Eminem]
There's times when I lay down to sleep I argue with myself
Am I the only one who thinks it's weird? Do I need help?
Just a little bit, no, a lot of it, I really, really gotta quit
Something's wrong with me, my God, old habits die hard

[Interlude: Mr. Reality]
Look at you
What's the matter with you people?
You're sad that people are mean?
Well, I'm sorry, the world isn't one big liberal arts college campus
**** you, you're all pricks

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Mom shaming, dad shaming (Ah), yeah
Fat shaming (What?), man-splaining, blah (Pfft)
Cry babies attack Shady, wah
Mad 'cause they can't tame me (Get it)
Here come the censors (Look out), like the Avengers
And they assemble like Prince and then turn
A word like "ginger" into the N-word
All these pronouns (Ah) I can't remember (Damn)
They or them, theirs? (Who?) His or him, hers? (Ah)
Into them girls who bought tits to get attention
Then get hit on by ugly men who are (Creep)
Not in your league, so you pretend you're a victim and me-too 'em (Ah)
Outraged, how fake? (What?)
Nowadays, some gals, they (What?) just clout-chase (Yeah)
Look at me with sour grapes and your brow raised
Bitch, you ain't about head (What?), about face (Woo)
Little white, middle-age, upper-middle-class
With a glass of wine and your cigarette
Bitch, get off the internet (Yeah)
You ain't even fed your kids dinner yet (Still)
Parental discretion, mental aggression, my head's a Smith & Wesson
You're messin' with a lethal weapon, like an evil stepdad
I got an infrared like the ginger stepkid who pissed the bed
I do this shit in jest and it's just a messin' up with your head
And if men wanna wear lipstick and women's underwear
Who cares? Their shit is their business, now bear witness
Beware, bitches, the Blair Witch on you scared bitches
I'm surreptitious (What?) on square business
Just attacked my therapist with a pair of scissors like "Merry Christmas"
Dressed as a hairy Christian, terrorist with the hair trigger (Woo)
But with these buttons I'm always pushing (Yeah), pain I'm always inflicting (What?)
Protestors outside the Shady offices livid (Yeah)
It'll make you think that you had the game on lock 'til they pick it (Trick it)
Only way for me to explain it is I'm conflicted (What?)
Walkin' on eggshells, like if I take it too far, is this it? (Yeah)
Part of me gets it and wants to say, "I'm sorry," and fix it (I'm so—)
So all my statements are basically contradictive (What?)
Like using the F-word for gay is wrong and offensive (What?)
And insensitive as if me sayin' the R-word isn't (Wait)
Wait a minute, which R-word? Rape or retarded, midget? (Not cool, guys)
Would this rhyme be okay if South Park had did it? (Okay, screw you guys)
Would it make you less angry if Cartman spit it? (Goddammit)
As far as what I just stated, regarding midgets
You'll probably think I'll just say that I'm playin', I'm not, I meant it (Yeah)
Swear to God I see one of them little fuckers come at me
I pick it up by its legs and drop it and kick it
"Marshall, you're wicked, face it, you are addicted" (I know)
But they gon' do me the same as DaBaby with all of this shit (Why?)
Chappelle and Colin, they're callin' Shady misogynistic
While raisin' three daughters, two graduated from college
With honor, summa cum laude
My sense of humor is probably twisted, it's painfully obvious-tic

[Chorus: White Gold & Eminem]
You got an addiction, man
I know you can't get rid of me forever
'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man
Goddamn, I miss you Slim (Woo, hey)
You got an addiction, man
I know you can't get rid of me forever
'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man
Next time, I'll be in your veins (Haha)

[Outro]
I'm just playin', little people, you know I love you
[Intro: Eminem]
Makaveli, rest in peace
Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body
Mouth like a 12 gauge shotty (feel me!)
{*starts singing chorus in background*}
And this bitch said he should be
The lost forgotten seed of Tupac
To lead this industry into the ways of the man
Follow me...!

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come get me
If you motherfuckas want Shady
If Pac was still here now
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na

[Verse 1: Eminem]
You ain't no killa, you a pussy
That ecstasy done got you all emotional and mushy
Bitch is wearin' rags in photos, Ja's words bein' quoted
In The Source stealin' Pac's shit like he just wrote it
You loudmouths, pray to God hopin' no one's listenin'
See 50 comin' for me I'ma guard my, my position
No one'll pay attention to me, please Gotti
Here I go, give me this pill
Ecstasy done got me feelin' so invincible
Now all a sudden I'm a fuckin' mad man who screams like I'm Pac
But I'm not, enemies, Hennessy
Actin' like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm crazy
Sweat drip get me off this trip, someone stop this train
Some say my brain is all corrupted fuckin' with this shit
I'm suck, I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit
sayin' motherfuckas names before somebody fucks me up
Ain't no pussies over here partner, see you in hell, fucka

[Chorus: Eminem]
Come get me
Motherfucka, if you want Shady
If Pac was still here now
He would never ride with Ja
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
Get off that E
'Fore you try to come and fuck with me
It's Aftermath gettin' down, Shady Records got it locked
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers
Never realize the precious time that bitch niggaz is wastin'
Institutionalize my bitchez bring me product by the bundle
Hustle hard for my sale, G-Unit motherfucka, we ballin'
Catch me countin' cheese and when I'm callin', do you accept my calls?
Still let me sip on Hennessy, can I sip some more?
Hell, I done been to jail, I ain't scared
Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it
Motherfuckas thinkin' they can stop 50, they losin' it
Lil' nigga named Ja think he live like me
Talkin' about he left the hospital took nine like me
You livin' fantasies nigga, I been checkin' deposit
When your lil' sweet ass gon' come out of the closet?
Now he wonderin' why DMX blowed him out
Next time grown folks talkin', bitch, close yo mouth
Peep me, I take this war shit deeply
Done seen too many real niggaz ball to let these bitch niggaz beat me
Black Child, you's a motherfuckin' punk and you'll see me with gloves
Quit scarin' them fuckin' kids with yo ugly ass mug
And you can tell them niggaz you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's goin' on
Nigga payback, Tah, I know yo bitch ass from way back
Witness me strap the mac, knew I don't play that
All these old rappers tryina advance
It's all over now, take it like a man [haha!]
Irv lookin' like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick
Tryina playa hate on my shit
Man, eat a fat dick!
Lovin' this shit, that's how you made me
Feelin' like I got you niggaz crazy
Uh huh, against all odds
Hopin' my thug motherfuckas know
This be the realest shit I ever wrote
Against all odds
Up in the studio gettin' blowed
To the truest shit I ever spoke

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Ay yo, I been one of the most humble
Reppin' streets to the core
Ay Jeffrey, what the fuck you come and bother me for?
It's been a long time comin', like a blessing to check you
See, 106 & Park fans don't even fuckin' respect you
It's kinda funny, wanna be Pac, wanna fake like he thug
Runnin' around talkin' shit that he ain't capable of
Now let me off this cock sucka, watch me handle you nigga
If I recall, Violator used to manage you nigga
They took a closer look and realized you wasn't impostured
There's never been a Violator on the Murder Inc. roster, dumbass
Now, who shootin'? Awww, made you look!
You said Bust' singin' the same old hook? You stupid!
If y'all shootin', I take a look at yo man
The bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam
Chedda bob ass niggaz, start adjustin' yo plan
You let the streets down nigga, apologize to yo fans
Watched you pull a lil' stunt like we ain't know what it was
Lil' faggot, desperate tryina reestablish a buzz
I know the shit is drivin' you crazy, you wonderin' how
The streets ain't never want you, Beatrice, whachu gonna do now?
Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefin' with you
I think about the game and what it's like and
{*imitating Ja Rule*} "What would it be without you?"
You finished, I ain't tryina repeat this
Just 'cause I'm cool, you shouldn't take my kindness for weakness

[Busta Rhymes talking]
Oh shit... it was fun...
Next time you got a problem man...
Address me before you try to make the shit a public issue homey...
Now I'ma return back to my regular self...
And have fun again... one!
[2Pac]
Get on yo knees nigga, get on yo knees and pray

[radio tuning in]

[Ja Rule]
Em, you claim ya mother's a crackhead and kim is a known slut so what's Hailie gon' be when she grows up?

[Em & Hailie]
[E] AH-HA! Yeah! C'mon!
G-g-g-g G-Unit! Hailie
[H] What?
[E] Come here baby, bring daddy his Oscar
[H] Okay
[E] We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass!
[H - laughs]

[Vesre 1]
[Swift]
I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple
I'm quick to murder ink with lead and talkin' bout a pencil
Lookit what the fuck you done got into
I see you found yo niche, you just a bitch wit a menstrol
Claimin' you a murderer and you spelled it wrong
You put 'e' before the 'd' cuz that's all you on
You on Pac's dick, you a regular guy
If Pac was still alive you would never get by
All you do is cry, bitch keep it real
Life is more than imitating niggaz and eatin' pills
And kind of muthafucka ruins three deals
That another nigga got you, they didn't see skills
And I ain't playin', you a brother gettin' cheated
And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover cuz he need it
And all you niggaz hatin', shut you mouths
It's just that real niggaz ain't buyin' that shit y'all put out
[Obie Trice]
Do-ra-mi, but we don't sing muhfuckas
So Murder Inc. do ya thing muhfuckas
You've unleashed on a team who expects nothin' less
Than R&B comin' from that regime
Regime it's a little extreme
Neck and necks with soldiers, muhfuckin' Marines
Ja sold his soul to sing
Weave eye-witness team on the tv screen, chase the greed
Now that you've embraced the green
Don't fuck with the triple beams
You's a muthafuckin actor slash Pac impersonatin' rapper
Slash Billie Holliday how it happen?
Artist for Repetuar saw him in action
Pac assassination Def Jam grabbed him
Told him reinact him, you go platinum
They seen it for sure, I know that Afina Shakur
Don't enjoy Jeffery Atkins reinactin' her boy
So I'm click-clackin' this toy
Mash and destroy, Shady
Aftermath and Detroit muthafuckas

[Chorus]
[Eminem]
Do-ra-me, fa-so-la-ti-da
Don't blame me cuz you lost your boss's spot
Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
Don't make me, too hot and you're not
Shootin' at me, with the only shot you got
Ja quit playin' knock it off you're not 2Pac
You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop

[Verse 2]
[Kuniva]
Now we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs
To the greivance and the cryin' and the intimate hugs
We don't take you serious nigga you shook you half of a half-way crook, get off X dick, go sing a hook nigga
And you can't replace the late greal one
And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one
Nigga please, stick to the script
before the guns stick to the clip, and Benzino you ain't shit but a bitch
Fuckin' old ass ignorant innocent lookin' senior citizen
Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive
Wait a minute, hold on
Is it me or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on?
A bitch made man, now how you gonna connect with them short ass arms like a tyrannasaurus rex?
You niggaz can scream holler and curse
Go ahead and respond and pull that pen and pad up outta ya purse
[Proof]
Slim did it simple to get at the wankstas
He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas
What up Gotti and this little war you pushed on
Put you ear to the ground for stucky and bush stones
What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggaz?
Roll like a boss in the streets they still feel us
It's real business you ain't caught the concept
You talkin' nonsense to walk and find press
Contact was blown by Munsetta in The Source
Threaten at the boss you gon' see me on ya porch
Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us
But Detroit niggaz ?? and ain't scurred to bust
[Kon Artis]
Word to my nigga Bugs, punks like you get beat up
Stomped unconcious and smacked with the heater
This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils with dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina
Who's behind ya? Cadillic Pac or that transvestite who dress like a Lil Kim fox, her chest like a little windbox
press tight on the trigger of this glock
Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat
You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep
You got shot in your video tryin mock Pac
You 'Mockaveli', get your own identity

[Chorus]
[Eminem overdubs chorus]
Yeah!
Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again!
Fuckin' punk pussy little bitch!
I'll fuck you up boy!
Never! Never in your muthafuckin life!
I'll choke the shit outchu little muthafuckin bitch!
Hailie can whip your muthafuckin ass!

[Obie Trice speaking]
That's right muthafuckas
Shady records, whatchu know about it?
Fuck Benzino, fuck Ja Rule
Nigga, this Obie Triceright here talkin to you muthafuckas
Ja Rule punk ass... Yea!
Fuckin Soul For Real ass...
Nigga that's Soul For Real,
That the nigga from Soul For Real!
Candy Rain ass nigga...
He got a deal now he rappin'
You'ont know what's... faggot ass muhfuckas
Get money to all my real niggas, man
Obie Trice, D12, G Unit, 50 Cent...
Hailie Jade!!!
[50 Cent (laughing)]

[Hailie]
Daddy is Ja Rule taller than me?
[Eminem]
No honey, you guys are the same size...
[Intro]
Yo, I can't sing, but
I feel like singin
I wanna fuckin sing
Cuz i'm happy
Yeah, I'm happy
Ha Ha
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out

[Verse 1]
Some days I sit, starin out the window
Watchin this world pass me by
Sometimes I think theres nothin to live for
I almost break down and cry

[Bridge 1]
Sometimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy, oh so crazy
Why am I here, am I just wasting my time?

[Pre-Chorus]
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when i look into her eyes

[Chorus 1]
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin on me
Cuz sometimes it feels like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me

[Verse 2]
My baby girl [Hailie laughs] keeps gettin older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes, cuz they don't understand me
They just dont see my real side

[Bridge 2]
I act like shit don't phase me,
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive


[Pre-Chorus]


[Chorus 1]


[Verse 3]
Yeah and if I could sing, I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mum didn't [censored] (abort her)

Now you probly get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packing drug-addict who bags on his momma,
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
Cuz there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul,
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breaking should I just give up,
Or try to live up to these expectations?
Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself,
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted are nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what im facin:
3 felonies, 6 years of prohibation
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to peoples backs, bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I shoulda seen it comin, why'd I stick my penis up it?
Woulda ripped the pre-nip up if I'd seen what she was fuckin
But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, maybe the only lady that I adore, Hailie
So sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya
My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems that my shoulder blades have just shifted
It's like the greatest gift you can get
The weight has been lifted

[Chorus 2]
Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin on me
Cuz my baby know's that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me

[Outro]
Woo!
I told you I can't sing.
Oh well, I tried
Hailie, 'member when I said
If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?
Well guess what?
Daddy's here.
And I ain't goin nowhere baby
I love you! (kiss)
[Intro]
Ha ha ha haaaa!
Yeah, what the fuck
Outsidaz, we be a hard act to follow
We be a hard act to follow
We be a hard act to follow
Yeah, baby
Hard act to follow
Ha, yeah
So come on and come on
So come on and come on
So come on…

[Verse 1: Yah Yah]
Yah Yah
And I’ve been black balled and outlawed like 2Pac's posse
Still no cops, the neighborhood watch could stop me
I’m like Selassie driven in a Dodge Jeep
The God’s peace while i civilise Rah's beef
Unbelievers fall in 2000 leavers
Landing more needles than the route of all evil
Dom perignon, henny
Outsidaz, cause we all scary
Shells Buried from in hell’s very
Skunk glary, my 51 Chevy, gun's near me
Squatting on the wheelie with them truck jewelery
Come on

[Verse 2: Young Zee]
You got a big mouth, when you rap
I whip my dick out
And mouth-slap you and make you kiss my out tattoo
And leave you with wet stains until you bleed red rain
And for the next days you’ll need fucking X-rays for your chest pains
The Outz splurging for drinks, so I bought a round
Fuck the quarter pound, bitch, we lock this corner down
In a fact, you’ll be robing in a black pea coat
I’ll eat gold and flip the remote while you main bitch do me a deep throat
And word is raw since we all can’t get along til I’m dead and gone
Y'all gon' all get shitted on
Come on now

[Hook]
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (follow)
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (Follow!)
(Hard act to follow) Follow!
A hard act to follow (follow)
Outsidaz, come on!

[Verse 3: Azz-Iz]
Azz-Iz high as space high
You blonders state side, take sides
And get ate like steak fries
Unwise guys stuffed with televised lies
Till headaches buy size
Blood sung: sci fi
Off the wet pep, I need dregs and take lives
The raw rasta, bang harder and breaks the boxer
Flow's aqua, spada, lada void cutta
Burn ‘em, rip the infrared gutta
And the horror the terror for ya pappa sick and bye bye
Send a chopper, die before ya reach the doctor
C’mon!

[Verse 4: Slang Ton]
It's tha iza mashtons
I ya wanna hit your ass kicked, just hit the av and pick ya stash with sixty bags and
Get this fucking filling craft and get the matches
I smoke more than 50 chimney hatches
I'm never quick to passin'
I smoke and choke off Simon split this pattern
Rip-o-matic, tris-o-matic
Shit, I've had it, get the average nigga blasted
In a half a second, Slang the Fattest on a record
And check it, I ain't half this racket till that ass get naked
Settle for cash and slap, kid, pass the necklace

[Verse 5: Eminem]
Product of espionage
Piss drunk on pepsi and Scotch
Sticking my fucking foot up a lesbian's crotch while pedestrians watch
Gangsters bow down to a mightier villian
There might be a million outsidaz
Hiding on the side of your building
Say goodbye to your children
Notify your next to kin
Bring some extra men
If anyone on your team expects to win
The effects of gin made me a smart ass with a bossy mouth
Six bouncers had to come and toss me out some coffee house
It ain't a riddle
After you flat line in the hospital
While I'm in the middle row at your funeral wake
Fucking your widow
Someone call the nurse and tell her to strap me down I need a harness
I bleed bizarreness
Spitting blood like Kiss'es lead guitarist

[Verse 6: Rah Digga]
Now who be yappin‘ ‘bout they shit the bomb
With them stife-ass tricks you tryna sell nickles for dimes
Boys, I’m that bitch
Chump change be 6 digits
Doing remixes for all them R and B bitches
Ya motherfuckin‘ rosters
Be filled with imposters
Digga not fresh like Lil Kim singin‘ gospel
‘Cause we be the tightest in this whole rap race
You get your contract cancelled like Homeboys In Outer Space
Come on

[Hook]
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (follow)
We be the hard act to follow (Follow!)
We the hard act to follow (Follow!)
(Hard act to follow) Follow!
A hard act to follow (follow)
Outsidaz, come on!
[Verse 1: Ez Mil]
Doin' my best just to not blow my cover
Know it's all just a test, but I can't pass up this hunger
There's still a hole in my chest and I'm tryna strap it with numbers
All you hoes got your checks, but I'm a queen when I run up
Cross a king with my hunters, shootin' threes in abundance
Rookie Gs actin' thuggish, you're pawns to me, shut the fuck up
Annihilation's what we love, steady hittin', gettin' dodged
Just wait 'til we get the guns out
Kwarenta-singko na kalibre o nuwebe, 'kaw na bahala
Sa dinami-rami mong mali, utak mo lang may tama
Sa kitid mo mag-isip, pare, 'la ka man lang na banat
Naglalim-laliman, ang sarap mong ilublob sa dagat
'Di kailangang magpatunay sa sinuman na nakikinig
'Di masasalag ng sintido o ng iyong bibig
Picture this, I might be a hero to your little kid
Or a villain, either way, I'm the fuckin' head

[Chorus: Ez Mil]
I'm the head honcho, money comе from my flow
Que hubole blanco, then gеt the bread pronto (Uh-huh)
Yeah, I'm the head honcho, money come from my flow (Yeah)
Que hubole blanco (Uh), then get the bread pronto (Look, I got)

[Verse 2: Ez Mil]
Got loose strips, two grip, that's the shit I'm smooth with
I'm the new kid that these fathers can't fool with
Send my new slips as tighly than how these boots fit
I got that new drip, that drowned titanical cruise ships
Don't you dip and dabble too close
Just watch us from the distance, I don't fuck with all that glucose
You fall and need assistance, I could do the same, but who knows
I'd rather say, "Good riddance," Jack the Ripper rippin' paroles
Annihilate with persistence to try to say something different
But while today, I'm just spittin' to rhyme while makin' a livin'
But mama say that I'm different, she proud of how I do business
I'd kinda resemble Hitman that got away from the killin'

[Chorus: Ez Mil & Eminem]
I'm the head honcho, money come from my flow
Que hubole blanco, then get the bread pronto
Yeah, I'm the head honcho, they call me the boss, though
You can call me Marshall, then get the bread pronto (Yo)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
You don't relate to me, guess you never been angry or sad (Hm)
Or maybe just have never had to ever face any adversity
Take any ass whippings, I basically had
To see some shit that'd make you faint like you're fakin' a jab (Pussy)
Bitch, you wish you had a life like mine (Yeah)
You just fantasize the shit you write, you guys like lying (Yeah)
Everything you ever been through multiplied by nine (What?)
Ain't even half the shit I went through by the time I was five (Like, what?)
Saw my uncle get stabbed, took a knife right in the abs (Yeah)
And all he was tryna do was get my tricycle back, yeah
The one that Boogie, Malcolm and Isaac just jacked
After they jumped me and stomped me (Boom) and hit me twice with a bat (Ugh)
Was five and a half, second time I survived an attack
Two twins, they call themselves the bulldogs (Hrr), white kids and fat
I was too frightened to scrap (Ha), I didn't fight or hit back
And you wonder why is it that I treat a mic like a gat?
Fully loaded, but I pull it, a bullet from out a barrel the size (Brr) of a derringer flies
That's how I would characterize lyrics
But America, I could see the fear in your eyes
You saw my terrible side, the blonde hair and blue eyes
Now, the writing is on the wall like graffiti still
If you're havin' trouble reading, will make it simple, he's Ezekiel
Easy name to remember (Why?)
'Cause his rap name is the same as like ten minutes on stage is for me (Oh), easy mill
Or should I say measly mill? (Haha)
Yeah, 'cause as sure as Ma used to feed me
Sleeping pills to keep me (Yeah), sleepy still, it was creepy
'Cause indeed, she (What?) could've easily Casey Anthony'd me (Yeah)
These rappers, I'm above 'em, but punchin' down ain't beneath me (Nope)
Cold as the wind chill factor, but the fact is I don't know when to chill
But every time I come out, they expect me to fuckin' reinvent the wheel
Rappers get praised for spittin' bars with less than the tenth of skill
Imbecile on the ledge like a Benzo pill on a windowsill
Now cancelled ain't the word for me
You need a term that's probably stronger than dirty laundry (Hell)
This controversy got me in the worst of quandaries
Feel like the Earth's axis, the world's turnin' on me
Like them cops in Akron, Ohio with Jayland Walker
Ain't caught this much flak in a while (Nah) since back as a child (Damn)
And all I did was say like one thing bad then it spiraled
Saw you crackin' a smile (Haha), then relapsed into my old ways
Back into vile (Yup)
Guess there ain't no civilizin' a savage, and I don't (No)
Give a fuck if you hate me worse than each track on Revival (Huh)
Bitch, I'm back like a spinal (Yeah), get it crackin' like chiros
It's the coup de grâce, I'm cooler than removin' claws from a cougar's paws and throwin' it back in the wild (Fuck)
But you tamin' me? Ain't gonna happen, and I'll
Live on planet denial (Ha) for the rest of my life
But you'll be a stan 'til I die, though (Ha)
(You'll be a stan 'til I die, though)
[Intro: Nate Reuss]

Mom
I know I let you down
And though you say the days are happy
Why is the power off, 
and I'm fucked-up?
And mom, I know he's not around
But don't you place the blame on me
As you pour yourself another drink yeah

[Hook: Nate Reuss]

I guess we are, who we are
Headlights shinin' in the dark night I drive on
Maybe we took this too far...

[Verse 1: Eminem]

I went in head first
Never thinkin' about who what I said hurt, in what verse
My mom probably got it the worst
The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are did I take it too far?
Cleaning out my closet and all them other songs
But regardless I don't hate you cause ma!
You're still beautiful to me, cause you're my mom
Tho far be from you to be to calm, our house was Vietnam
Desert Storm and both of us put together could form an atomic bomb
Equivalent to Chemical warfare
And forever we could drag this on and on
But, agree to disagree
That gift for me up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me
You're kicking me out? It's 15 degrees and it's Christmas Eve
(little prick just leave) ma, let me grab my fucking coat
Anything to have each other's goats, why we always at each other's throats?
Especially when dad, he fucked us both, we're in the same fucking boat
You'd think that it'd make us close (nope)
Further away it drove us, 
but together headlights shine and car full of belongings
Still got a ways to go, 
back to grandma's house it's straight up the road
And I was the man of the house, the oldest
So my shoulders carried the weight of the load
Then Nate got taken away by the state at 8 years old, 
and that's when I realized you were sick and it wasn't fixable or changable
And to this day we remained estranged and I hate it though, but

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Eminem]

'Cuz to this day we remain estranged and I hate it though
Cause you ain't even get to witness your grand-babies grow
But I'm sorry mama for Cleaning Out My Closet, at the time I was angry
Rightfully maybe so, never meant that far to take it tho, 
'Cuz now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not making jokes
That song I'll no longer play at shows and I cringe every time it's on the radio
And I think of Nathan bein' placed in a home
And all the medicine you fed us
And how I just wanted you to taste your own, but
Now the medications takin' over and your mental states deterioratin' slow
And I'm way too old to cry, the shit's painful though
But ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan yo
All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both
Foster Care, that cross you bare, few may be as heavy as yers
But I love you Debbie Mathers, oh what a tangled web we have, cause
One thing I never asked was where the fuck my deadbeat dad was
Fuck it I guess he had trouble keepin' up with every address
But I'd a flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus
Own a collection of maps and followed my kids to the edge of the atlas
(if) Someone ever moved 'em from me? That you coulda bet'cha asses
If I had to come down the chimney dressed as Santa, kidnap them
And although one has only met their grandma
Once, you pulled up in our drive one night
As we were leavin' to get some hamburgers
Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you
And as you left I had this overwhelmin' sadness 
Come over me as we pulled off to go our separate paths, and
I saw your headlights as I looked back
And I'm mad I didn't get the chance ta thank you for bein' my Mom and my Dad
So Mom, please accept this as a tribute I wrote this on the jet
I guess I had ta get this off my chest
I hope I get the chance ta lay it 'for I'm dead
The stewardess said to fasten my seatbelt, I guess we're crashin'
So if I'm not dreamin', I hope you this message
That I'll always love you from afar, 'cuz you're my Ma...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Nate Reuss]

I want a new life (start over)
One without a cause (clean slate)
So I'm coming home tonight
Well
No matter what the cost
And if the plane goes down
And if the crew can't wake me up
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Oh, even if there's songs to sing
Well my children will carry me
Just know that I'm alright
I was not afraid to die
Because I put my faith in my little girls
So I'll never say goodbye cruel world
Just know that I'm alright
I'm not afraid to die

[Hook]

I want a new life.
[Intro sample]
Wanna take it from the top?

[Verse 1]
Lady you remind me of my raps on that Relapse shit
Cause you got an ass thick as those accents
Two ass cheek implants, call that an asset
Cause you could stick a glass on it, it's massive
From the first time I saw you I actually said to myself, "I gotta meet her like a taxi"
Exactly, love affair in the backseat
Sorry if I'm being graphic, but I'm stiff as a statue
You sat on a shelf, I feel like I'm a bust
Maybe I'm just ahead of myself
Let me slow down, slow your Camero
Let me catch up, I'm tryna' jump your bones to the marrow
Got me under your control and your spell
Wanna wrap you up, put you in a bow like an arrow
Grab you by the [pussy], hope it's not a problem in fact
About the only fact I agree on with Donald is that
So when I put this bomb in your cap
Don't snap, it's supposed to be grabbed
Why do you think they call it a snatch
I just wanna climb in the sack
I'ma keep it 100, like my speedometer's at
I'm watching you rap, I'm the dude following in back
About six cars back, I'm in the [?]
And I want to (uh)

[Pre-Chorus]
All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you saw you're vile
Me too, you're burning up
I'm running---

[Chorus]
All day, all night
You feel, my heat (fire)
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat

[Verse 2]
Hate to inconvenience you at the connivence store
But those jeans you wore, I've never seen before
I pretend to work there, while I clean the floor
Checking you out, like the clerk, while he rings you up
Pull up behind you while you're leaving and you don't even know it (ayo, Rick, man)
She's brushing her hair, adjusting her mirror, she's rapping my shit
But she wasn't aware, I was there, or maybe she was, and doesn't care
Who knows, at least that isn't up in the air
It's something to see
But just like a girl who thinks her coochie doesn't stink
If she ain't planning to do shit, this summers eve
Maybe she wants to keep me company
But fuck the Pepe Le Pu shit
"Ain't stepping to you bitch", I say to myself
Plus she's bumping my music, and chasing no tail
Like a skunk in heat
I could sweat her, to some degree
And fuck it, I'm the male, let her come to me
Let her come to me, male sweater, some degree, fail
Fuck it, pull up beside her
Side swipe her, Dodge Viper
What is a [?]
Asked her in she wants a computer shoved up her vagina
Said my dick is an Apple
She said "put it inside her"
I said---

[Pre-Chorus]
All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you saw you're vile
Me too, you're burning up
I'm running---

[Chorus]
All day, all night
You feel, my heat (fire)
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat

[Verse 3]
Black out, come to, hands covered in blood
Motherfucking gloves and a shover stuck in the mud
I just bodied the beat, so that hoe must've been dug
Cause it just died like "ooh, food coloring, duh"
So let's get turnt, like a [?], twist it Ma
Like an Air Conditioning knob
We be great together
Don't care if it takes forever
If I gotta wait, guess it's better late than never
You felt my heat, rubbing off on you
I love your personality
Come on, little mama, you're hot enough to melt Rick's beat
Come jump in the water, I bet you get yourself a stream
From your persona
With an ass to match, girl your body is lit
You're striking, I'm a gas
Girl, you're just gonna have to put the mother chumps on the back burner
You got puns, I got [?]
Just let me rest my head in between that set of Ds
While I shred MC's, like cheddar cheese
That's just the thoroughbred me in me, ain't a better breed
My dog thinks so too, look at my predigree
Ma, the world is what I think of you
I think you're divine, so I might swing on you
I'm just kidding girl, I wouldn't lift a finger or two
Unless it's the middle finger, to finger you

[Pre-Chorus]
All day, all day, all night
You ask, I stay the night
With you, you saw you're vile
Me too, you're burning up
I'm running---

[Hook]
Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel, my heat

[Verse 4]
Under ones and twos, threes and four (the morning)
Wait for the cut like Neosporin (what)
He's mixing it up for me in [?]
A teddy like short for Theodore
We're outtie, five thousand

[Outro]
Who the fuck, it's my big dick, so everybody get ready right fucking now
[Eminem]
I want you to understand something
that when I come up in this b-tch I want the fans jumping,
I want the fist pumping in the air,
I don’t look like a millionnaire,
but I feel like a million bucks,
ladies wont ya fill your cups,
Shady’s come to fill ya up,
if your a D or a C cup
you can even be a B
its just me and DRE
you’ll be in the ER we’ll be strapped with so much TNT,
we may blow no not even CPR from the EMT
could help you to resuscitate
you busters must be flustered wait
you cant cut the mustard, whats your problem can’t you bust a grape,
whats my name, shady came and just crushed the game,
its really not even fair to them,
cos they pale in comparisons
so much they might aswell wear a skin,
dont you just wish you could share his pen
cos this sh-ts getting embarrassing,
the fog is stinking the air is thin,
cos he wont even let them try to breathe,
da da di di da di dee, he makes it look so easy,
girl you just hit the lottery,

[Chorus]
now this should be the part of the song that they drop the needle on,
and hell breaks loose,
try to restrain us you cant contain us,
we still gonna make a statement no matter what we do,
everywhere we go it seems were looking for any excuse to just cut loose,
so this should be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
and hell breaks loose,

[Dr.Dre]
This is when sh-ts hits the fan,
like it just splattered on stan
this is the only moment that matters,
ya homie rolled in with Mathers,
like chaos erupts Em’s in back Dre’s in the front
so do what we say at once this songs like a singer it hunts (?),

[Eminem]
It makes em stay in a trance
no choice they have to dance,

[Dr.Dre]
Its like the play-off just making sure that we stay in the hunt
take a day off of what man you better lay off the blunts
you must be smoking something
you think I aint smoking nothing stay off my nuts,
now hit the floor baby time to wipe away all the rust,
shake all them cobwebs loose,
loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose,
yeah girl shake that caboose
I don’t wanna see you try to make no excuse,
DRE is on the loose,
A Mongoose when its comes to the chronic use,
you know I can’t stand to lose,
lyrics courtesy of killerhiphop.com
me and my goons are like animals,
we come through like a pack of wolves,
so we came here to retract the roof,
yeah man aint that the truth,
girl your man’s like in the booth
definitely back up in this b-tch,
this is when all hell breaks loose,

[Chorus]
now this should be the part of the song that they drop the needle on,
and hell breaks loose,
try to restrain us you cant contain us,
we still gonna make a statement no matter what we do,
everywhere we go it seems were looking for any excuse to just cut loose,
so this should be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
and hell breaks loose,

[Eminem]
Now I know your feeling discouraged but homie just mark my words,
A murderer in the flow, liquid courage im finna blow
as soon as we hit the door power surges head to toe
I’m sure to push it as far as words are meant to go,
we’re in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows,
ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block widcha hoe,
with speakers knocking its 3 0 clock
me and Doc then proceed to drop (?)
and hop out the vehicle and knock on your door,

[Dr.Dre]
Yeah so let us in ‘fore we huff and puff and we blow,
we aint bluffin for nothing
we’ll knock the stuffing out ya
revenge is so sweet, move til ya injure ya feet
yeah move or lose it three,
move to the beat, lose yourself indubitably,
pass some of that (?) lil right there,
that would be pretty stupid to me,
born and raised in the CPT,
yeah Los Angeles who’s in the streets,
them haters hating on me,
but I refuse to lose any sleep,
keep that deuce deuce in the seat,
Dre fall off thats news to me,

[Chorus]
now this should be the part of the song that they drop the needle on,
and hell breaks loose,
try to restrain us you cant contain us,
we still gonna make a statement no matter what we do,
everywhere we go it seems were looking for any excuse to just cut loose,
so this should be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
and hell breaks loose,
[Announcer]
"Welcome back, to the stage of history!"

[Eminem]
Yo... Slim Shady!
Yo... I'll fuckin'... I'll...
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to
The only key that I see to defeat you
would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you
and force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse
you'll think I pulled the fuckin ground out from underneath you
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin G, I'm a cannibal
I ain't tryin to shoot you,
I'm tryin to chop you into pieces and eat you
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass
and have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin mattress
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (Ahhh!)
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis
I'm so bananas I'm showin up to your open casket
to fill it full of explosive gasses
and close it back with a lit match in it
while I sit back and just hope it catches
Blow you to fragments
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes

[Chorus: J-Black]
I see the light at the end
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down

[J-Black]
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot
One day we all gon' die
But when I die, I'ma be so high
that I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare
with the chalk outline still there
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock
Now if I pray everynight (night)
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a North Face
Nickle nine at my waist, God done lost faith
Angels greet me but I don't reply back
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?

[Chorus]

[Announcer]
"Maxie was seriously wounded but the soul still burns
Final battle, fight!"

[Masta Ace]
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care

[Chorus]

[J-Black]
But every time I take a step, it gets dim...
Tell me is this hell we're livin' in?
Haha...

[Announcer]
"Time's up!
You lose!"
[Intro]
Hello (hello) allow me to introduce myself
my name is, Shady, so nice to meet you
(so nice to meet you) Its been a long time, I'm sorry I've been away so long
my name is. Shady, i never meant to leave you (never meant to leave you)

[Verse 1]
you see that chick in the gym checkin' me out
any second I'm 'bout, to stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm recklessy wreckin' the house
that was a supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now?
There's the necklace I lost right next to Stephanie's blouse
man I should check to see if my mom left any out
nope guess ill re-route maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch
oop jackpot, yeah, open sesame mouth
down the hatchet the feelin' you can't match it
I rap-tap-tap on your door with a damn ratchet, ata-ta-tackin' a whore with a damn hatchet
a knapsack packed with like 40 some Xanax's
shorty come back, I'm tryin' to score me some lap dances
I'm bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniels
Formula 44D and 40's with mad capsules
the bad apple spoils the buch, I'm back at ya

[Chours]
Girl i don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
and are you menstruating baby, my little friends waiting to say hello
the way your titties are wiggling and your booties shakin' like Jell-O
girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello

[Verse 2]
Yeah my equlibriums off must be the lithium
I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em
it just becomes everyday extra curriculum no reason in-particular it was strickly fun
a fifth of rum and two bottles of 151
fifty one people asleep in my damn living room
excuse me hon' but what is your name? Viviane?
i woke up next to ya naked and uh did we umm?
Of course we did but didn't I strap jumy hon?
I'm lookin' for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one
no offense baby girl, I don't mean any harm
but disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from
i find the package and I'm cool I immediately run, like Speedy Gon-
zales to see if i see anyone
who migh have a couple of Three's I'm fiendin' for some
my head is poundin' to the beat of the drum

[Chours]
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
and do you happen to have thing on you that make my mood mellow
some are oval and some are pink, some are blue and some are just yellow
girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello

[Verse 3]

On those are the days they certainly were
it's hurtin' me to know that I'll be closin; that curtain for good
(wor-wor-wor-word) I second that and a third
rushed to emergency surg-
ery to try to flush me, because of the drugs that he purchased
he's no longer gettin them free, hundred bucks for these Percodan
plus it's getting to be, where he'll lustfully search the den
pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurtin' him
tirelessy on the phone tryin' to rustle up muscle relaxers
for his back and a couple of Paxils
now he's doublin' backwards and he's stumblin' back
slipped and fell hit his back, boom, heard something go crack
now he's up in the bathroom like he's bustin' a nap
almost ended it that soon because of the fact
I'm just bustin' mu own chops, while I'm bustin a rap
resuscitated and rejuved so fuck it I'm back

[Chours]
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
and do you happen to hae any thing on you that make my mood mellow
some are oval and some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow
girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello

[Outro]
Hello (hello) allow me to introduce myself
my name is, Shady, so nice to meet you
(so nice to meet you) its been a long time, I'm sorry I've been away so long
my name is, Shady, i never meant to leave you (necer meant to leave you)
Nah man
Not quite finished yet

Girl I think,
You just might'a tried to pull a muh'fucking fast one, I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games?
See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker
in your walk-way? Better co-operate
Or get saute'd and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MC's get so quiet you can hear a muh'fucking dog whistle while I walk by
'Colt Seavers' on a mule, stuntin on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes at the mit, man I treat it like a Mogwai
Cuz it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women and men
Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits while you're cringin'
Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin
While I spin spin even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shiit, if I think a penny's pretty
just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie meenie miney mo, Catch an eskimo by his toe
While he's trying to roll a snowball but, 
Don't make him lose his cool
If he hollers better let him go ya'll

Now here we go go goooooo

Get up! Baby get a move on, Like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You will never think of this shit
Yeah, honey you called?
Well here I come, Havoc on the beat, I reek it
Evil I see, hear and speak it
Lady put your money on Shady
Fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every muh'fucking chicken fore' it hatches
Cuz, you can bet your ass that we gone get it crackin'
Like a Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad
You gone have Kurt Kobain askin
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
I'm fashionable and 'bout as rational
as a rash on a fag's asshole
Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it
Don't stand there and look stupid at me bitch
I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my kit, Google it till it pops up
Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up
Me I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
Till your speakers crap out *fart* "Ohp, What?"
Girl you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette "Chik-Chigarette"
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me
So do not strut my way, slut! Because..

here we go go goooooo

And now that I got your panties in a bunch
and your bowels in an uproar
Im'ma show you why I kang xi
Stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore know you want more,
bitches tell I put the Mat back into Mathers
Cuz I'm a fucking problem, Run boy!
Every flow got it mastered
So every last word that you fucking fags heard
comes straight from the fishes ass, Yeah
In other words I'm a Bass turd!
Looking at me like I killed Kenny
Gassing the tank near steal plenty
No morals are instilled in me
So remorse I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal
Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal
I got cannibal magnetism, cant resist him now, can ya hoe?
Shady, I don't understand your flow.
Understand my flow?
Bitch I flow like Troy Palumalu's hair, boy.
Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy.
I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare
stay the fuck outta my hair, boy!
You can look, you can stare and point
But you can't touch since you're queer boy.
I don't get it man, is there a void
All this weak shit, what am I steroids?
Well bitch I'm back with some shit for that ass
and your trunk, Elephant hemorrhoids

And remember boys
here we go go goooooo

Thank you for coming out
Hope you enjoyed the show
Till next time
haha
Peace!
[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah
You know I've been around for a while now
Not sure if I have much left to prove
Yeah, I do, haha

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I look at me now I'm thinkin, "Damn"
How proud of me I am
What I did, it's nothin' to sneeze at
Even if your allergies are bad
I'm up in a balcony in France
I look around, I see the fans
How they surround me in the stands
Probably could drown in a sea of hands
They hollerin', "Shady"
Yellin' it out to me and that's what I mean when I say
That one day someway, somehow, if I get a chance to get a crowd
I'll flip it around and have a crowd give me the chants
(I've done it all, man)
But in actuality I haven't, yet

[Chorus: Sly Pyper]
Where am I supposed to go from here? Oh hey, oh-oh-oh
Really I have no idea
All I know it's every time I think I hit my ceiling
I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been
Where am I supposed to go from here? Oh hey, oh-oh-oh
Really I have no idea
All I know it's every time I think I hit my ceiling
I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Got no time for no haters in this bitch
Or toleration for this shit
But like medication, my dedication
And the time it takes to do this shit
Reminds me of how an overcrowded hospital waitin' room'll get
But I mean it's maybe I have more patience than I'm able to admit
Yeah, but I'm still mentally stable as a three-legged table in this bitch
Fame was a switch but I was grateful to trade that shit for the trailer with the hitch
Thought it would made me a ravin' lunatic
But I made it through to my situation, I hit pay dirt
Now I get paper like a stapler in this bitch
But just 'cause I made a little bit of change
Don't mean I've changed a little bit
Brain full of wit, dangerous, can't extinguish this English language when it's lit
Now I'm just paradin', you would still get Shady 'til I'm eighty
To I spit this crazy, even Grady knows I'ma blow
Better get the handkerchief again, haha

[Chorus: Sly Pyper & Eminem]
Where am I supposed to go from here? Oh hey, oh-oh-oh
Really I have no idea
All I know it's every time I think I hit my ceiling
I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been
(Know I talk about this shit a lot)
Where am I supposed to go from here? Oh hey, oh-oh-oh
Really I have no idea
All I know it's every time I think I hit my ceiling
I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been

[Verse 3: Sly Pyper]
Oh, now what am I gonna do?
Can't nothing hold me I'm on the loose
Born a winner, damn it's so hard to lose
I can do it and do it, when I'm tryin' to
When my records flop they still go through the roof
This atmosphere's for a chosen few
Who was on their grind, to get money moves
And you ain't gon' get that if you want it down
You gotta take shots with 100 proof

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Check that
Been in survival mode
Since a five year old, it was I alone
Since my trike was stole, spiral notebook and microphone
But lookin' back how bad it was then
If it hadn't been for the pad and the pen
Addict mom and deadbeat dad
I wouldn't have the savage within
Havin' to win, every single battle I'm in
All I ever wanted was to be an MC
Tediously I wrote obediently, believing in me
EPMD must've had teachin' degrees
Learn to defeat enemies with the ink, thinkin' of these rhymes
Would be as easy as eatin' graffiti
Would be like remedial readin' to me (Yeah)
'Til my last breath leave my lungs, I'ma beat my drums (Yeah)
For the streets I'm from (Yeah)
The East side slums (Yeah)
Gotta remind em (Yeah)
I take a foe out (Yeah), like fee-fi-fum
You see my finger (What?), you see my thumb (What?)
You see my fist, fuck a peach pipe bum (What?)
For the smoke but it's not the weed I want (What?)
With this beat I brung for the beef I come (Woo)
But you better bring it if you wanna reply from
'Cause for you to be lyrically inclined, it'd be a steep climb up
That'll be an uphill battle
But I'm off kickin' feet in the recliner
And I think I'm up
'Bout to go out on a limb like a tree climber
Time to push my ceiling higher 'cause

[Chorus: Sly Pyper & Eminem]
Where am I supposed to go from here? Oh hey, oh-oh-oh
Really I have no idea
All I know it's every time I think I hit my ceiling
I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been
(For the last time)
Where am I supposed to go from here? Oh hey, oh-oh-oh
Really I have no idea
All I know it's every time I think I hit my ceiling
I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been
Hey, Em, it's Paul
Uh, I was listening to the album
Good fucking luck, you're on your own

Guess who's back, back again?
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back? Guess who's back?
Guess who's back? Guess who's back?
Guess who's back? Guess who's back?
Guess who's back? (Haha)
Da-da-da, da, da, da, da, da, da
Da-da-da, da, da, da, da

Well, look what the stork brung (What?)
Little baby devil with the forked tongue
And it's stickin' out, yeah, like a sore thumb (Bleh)
With a forehead that it grew horns from (Look)
Still a white jerk (It's him), pullin' up in a Chrysler to the cypher
With the Vics, Percs and a Bud Light shirt
Lyrical technician (Yeah), an electrician (Yeah)
Y'all light work (Haha)
And I don't gotta play pretend, it's you I make believe (What?)
And you know I'm here to stay 'cause me (Why?)
If I was to ever take a leave (What?)
It would be aspirin' to break a feve' (Yeah)
If I was to ask for Megan Thee (What?)
Stallion if she would collab with me
Would I really have a shot at a feat? (Haha)
I don't know, but I'm glad to be back like

Abra-abracadabra (And for my last trick)
I'm 'bout to reach in my bag, bruh (Like)
Abra-abracadabra (And for my last trick, poof)
Just like that and I'm back, bro

Now, back in the days of old me (When?)
Right around the time I became a dope fiend (Oh)
Ate some codeine as a way of coping (Mm)
Taste of opiates, case of O.E.​
Turned me into smiley face emoji (Woo)
My shit may not be age-appropriate
But I will hit an eight-year-old in the face with a participation trophy
'Cause I have zero doubts
That this whole world's 'bout
To turn into some girl scouts
That censorship bureau's out to (Shut me down)
So when I started this verse
It did start off lighthearted at first (Hmm)
But it feels like I'm targeted
Mind-bogglin' how my profit has skyrocketed
Look what I pocketed
Yeah, the shit is just like y'all had been light joggin', and
I've been runnin' at full speed
And that's why I'm ahead like my noggin', and
I'm the fight y'all get in
When you debate who the best, but opps, I'm white chalkin' when
I step up to that mic, cock it then
"Oh my God, it's him! Not again!"

Abra-abracadabra (And for my last trick)
I'm 'bout to reach in my bag, bruh (Like)
Abra-abracadabra (And for my last trick, poof)
Just like that and I'm back, bro (Break it down)

Sometimes, I wonder what the old me'd say (If what?)
If he could see the way shit is today (Look at this shit, man)
He'd probably say that everything is gay (Like happy)
What's my name? What's my name? (Slim Shady)

So how many little kids still wanna act like me? (Haha)
I'm a bigger prick than cacti be (Yeah)
And that's why these (What?)
Words sting just like you were being attacked by bees (Bzz)
In the coupe, leaning back my seat (What?)
Bumpin' R. Kelly's favorite group (Uh), the black guy (Guy) pees (Pees, haha)
In my Air Max 90s
White Ts, walkin' parental advisory
My transgender cat's Siamese (Why?)
Identifies as black, but acts Chinese (Haha)
Like a motherfuckin' Hacky Sack, I treat (What?)
The whole world 'cause I got it at my feet (Yeah)
How can I explain to you (What?)
That even myself I'm a danger to? (Yeah)
I hop on tracks like a kangaroo
And say a few things or two to anger you
But fuck that, if I think that shit, I'ma say that shit
Cancel me, what? Okay, that's it
Go ahead, Paul, quit, snake-ass prick
You male cross dresser (Haha), fake-ass bitch
And I'll probably get shit for that (Watch)
But you can all suck my dick, in fact
Fuck them, fuck Dre, fuck Jimmy, fuck me, fuck you
Fuck my own kids, they're brats (Fuck 'em)
They can screw off (Yeah), them and you all (Uh)
You too, Paul (Punk), got two balls
Big as RuPaul's (Woah)
What you thought you saw ain't what you saw (Nah)
'Cause you're never gon' see me
Caught sleepin' and see the kidnappin' never did happen
Like Sherri Papini, Harry Houdini
I vanish into the thin air as I'm leavin' like

Abra-abracadabra (And for my last trick)
I'm 'bout to reach in my bag, bruh (Like)
Abra-abracadabra (And for my last trick, poof)
Just like that and I'm back, bro
[Intro] 
Yo check this out! In life, you got your want to be's 
You got your going to be's, and you got your has been's 
Then you got your hustlers and hardcore 

[Domingo] 
Oh a line with fakes a time 
Fresh time, with sure more times 
Jimminy two time respect mine 
Big click with breakfast and blacklist 
War! War! War! War! 
Vision, knocking you out motherfucker listen 
Superstition can help you in this battle 
G's and sandles who surround you in all the angles 
All over your shit in shamble 
Looking the little of latter you fucking runt 

[Chorus 4x] 
Hustlers! Hustlers and Hardcore! 
Giving you more than what you asking for! 

[Domingo] 
Danger hander 
Banging swinging banner all single hander 
Hit the left propaganda 
Ill manner bad grammar stander 
Got the people chasing with cameras by the manner 
Hit and slap us, so pajamas 
Hiding under clothes in dirty hampers 
Happy brands will make them happy campers 
Little laughter 
Shit nappers 

[Eminem] 
I'll puke eat and freak you 
Battle, I'm too weeded to speak to 
The only key that I see to defeat you 
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you 
And force feed you them both and on each feet is a cleat shoe 
I lift you off your feet so fast with a round house 
You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you 
I ain't no fucking g, I'm a canibal 
I ain't trying to shoot you, I'm trying to chop you into pieces and eat you 
Rap you in rope and glass, strapped to a soakin matress 
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers 
Fuck the planet until it spins on a broken axis 

[Chorus 4x] 

[Domingo] 
Aw yeah {*echoes*}
(Mehki)
Well Jimmy moved in with his mother
Cuz he ain't got no place to go

(Eminem)
And now I'm right back in the gutter
with a garbage bag that's full of clothes

(Mehki)
Cuz you live at home in a trailer,
What the hell you gonna do?

(Eminem)
Yeehaw!
Cuz I live at home in a trailer,
Mom I'm coming home to you

(Eminem)
Well my name is Jimmy
His name's Greg Buel,
Me, him, and you went to the same school,
This ain't cool
I'm in a rage,
He's tappin my mom,
We're almost the same age,
On the microphone, I drop bombs,
Look at this car,
THANKS A LOT MOM!,
Here happy birthday Rabbit,
Here's a brand new car you can have it,
A 1928 delta
This shit wont even get me to the shelter
And I cant even stand for myself,
Cuz I'm back in the 8-1-0 now
Cuz I live at home in a trailer,
Mom I'm coming home to you...
Ya mother...fuckin' faggot.
Hey yo...this next song is dedicated to the memory of Eric Schrody.
Rest in peace.
We'll never forget about you...fuckin homo.
We'll still remember.

There once was a man who liked to jump around. (jump around) (yo)
But he got too old to jump up and down. (up and down)
(so then what happened?)
So he put the mic down and picked a guitar up. (picked a guitar up)
(and then he what?)
Started singin' the blues like there was no tomorrow. (no tomorrow)
(come on)
Left his boys in the house of pain. (in the house of pain) (biach)
It was the wisest decision he ever made. (ever made)
But the dumbest thing that he could ever do. (he could ever do) (was what?)
Was tryna punk a 380 on thoes that act shady, tell me now what you
gonna do. (now what you gonna do?) (haha)

Cuz I remember all those years (yeah)
How it was when you were here (c'mon)
I remember how it was (what)
How it was when you were young (yeah)
Yesterday was so long ago (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now don't nobody wanna hear your
old ass sing no more.

I remember back when you had the knack. (had the knack) (hahahahaha)
And I remember when you had your first heart attack. (heart attack)
(*wheezing noise)
I was right there laughin' when i heard the news. (heard the news)
I just wish the cardiac would've murdered you. (would've murdered you)
(damn)
Maybe Ice T's right, you are a bitch. (you are a bitch)
(maybe he's right)
You come around when your broke and you leave when your rich
(leave when your rich) (haha)
But the dumbest thing you could ever do (that you could ever do)
(was what?)
Was tryna punk a 380 on thoes that act shady tell me now what you gonna
do. (now what you gonna do?)

Cuz I remember all those years. (what?)
How it was when you were here. (come on)
I remember how it was. (what?)
How it was when you were young.
Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now don't nobody wanna hear your
old ass sing no more. (Yo yo yo yo yo yo)

Remember back in 94,
Like right before Miss Everlast was Whitey Ford,
Before his heart attack had him on life support. (beep beep)
When house of pain was out of fame,
Like someone doused the flame,
And they became destined
To never jump around again.
Or even further back,
When I first had heard the knack,
When you were down with syndicate.
I went to get the shit,
Man I was into it.
But then you went, and took your style, and switched the shit.
Now you sound ridiculous.
You dickless piece of shit.
How could you diss me bitch? (huh?)
I liked you.
Thought you was alright for a white dude.
Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you,
Started rhymin' then you left the room and didnt say goodbye or nuthin.
Like you mad that someone else was white and tryin' ta rhyme
or somethin'.
I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin ta steal your light or nuthin.
But your a homosexual, white rappin' Irish (unknown)
Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a (unknown) too.
Then I'd be confused as you,
And I wouldn't know what to do.
What's up with you?
I never fucked with you,
Why would you fuck with me?
Knowin' I could rap circles around you,
What? Is you nuts as me?
Plus I can sing better than you,
And I don't fuckin' sing.
And probably play guitar better,
And I ain't never touched a string.
But I ain't mad at you.
I'd hate me too if I was you.
I'm what you used to be.
Shit you was me in 92.
So every time I write a lyric, I'ma think of you.
And maybe that'll help me know what it's like to sing the blues.
(ladi da)

Cuz I remember all those years.
How it was when you were here. (I know)
I remember how it was. (how it was)
How it was when you were young. (when you were young)
Yesterday was so long ago. (long ago)
Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now don't nobody wanna hear your
old ass sing no more.


Fuckin homo (pussy)
Fuckin faggot sissy (fuck)
And by the way,
380's a fuckin' sissy gun. (homo)
You gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin' real gun. (dont fuck wit me)
Little bitch.
Next time say my fuckin' name in the song.
Dont be subliminal about it. (you know)
You gonna diss, me fuckin' diss me, fuckin faggot.
Fuckin' punk pussy.
Fuckin' little bitch.
Fuckin' cunt.
Little fuckin...fuck.
I stay higher than racial tension, with a facial expression
Tensed up like I'm suffering from a case of nasal congestion
Eyes hazel complexion, beige, age still in question
Critics hate my tape, kids can't wait for the next one
As long as there's rejects, my tape never ejects the deck
That's the level of respect each CD gets
While ya'll graspin at straws like me snorting crushed Aspirin
And ghasping at air and collapsing in malls
I'm just a realistic impression of artistic expression
Who's tape is in the deck when kids shot up the delicatessen
So owhen I launch a verse full of controverse
That'll haunt you worse than Ma$e before he joined a church
I'm sorry kids I dismissed this class
I'm going back in the broom closet to sniff this gas
Um, Mr. Mathers just missed the bathroom
Pissed his pants and the world still kissed his ass
This is my last album 'cause this is my last Valium
Just pick my ass up when I pass out in the bathroom
If ya'll don't like the shit that you're hearing
Just blow me til you lips get to smearing
And I can se emy dick disappearing

That means we're taking over this year, you heard? (x2)
[Intro: Eminem]
And I don't think that I can stop it (Here it comes)
I do my best to try to block it (Redrum)
I've been sipping on like, vodka (Head's numb)
I'm blacking out, you better watch it (It's bedlam)

[Chorus: Eminem]
I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

[Verse 1: Royce da 5'9"]
I'm a long way away from where you are in skill
Foreign wheels, my bitch wearin' four inch heels
She on the orange pill
And she about to start taking off layers like orange peels
Sacha Baron Cohen, Farrell, where am I going with this?
Oh yeah, a bar at will
And when you throw the iron in it, I'm all that still
The truth for real, I'm real truth, call that treal
This is my house, this place is mine
Posted on any corner on any coast I'm on
You niggas need to leave that lean, Henny, and coke alone
Tear to the business, married to the strippers, T-Pain
Student of the game pre-Kane, you niggas Post Malone
Elite beat boxer minus the raps
Rollin' with at least three choppers, Ryan is that
I literally keep three shottas
I'm lyrically James Todd, Tariq Trotter minus the cap

[Chorus: Eminem]
I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

[Verse 2: KXNG Crooked]
Yeah, slaughter goons under the moonlight
John Wilkes, that's who I'm in the booth like
Abra— I go ham for dead presidents
And everything I record is over your head like a boom mic
Why would you irrelevant fucks want to rebel against us
Knowing your Smith & Wesson has never been clutched?
Knowing you never been rushed by the most ignorant niggas invented
The nigga gotta send you to the dentist to get a whole row of elephant tusks
Your teeth gone like you been on some meth and some dust forever
I see you, my niggas call me the enemy watcher
The minute we spot ya, the semi'll pop, nigga, we got ya
I'm livin' to conquer, remember the mantra, I'm grippin' the launcher
Like Eminem-Dr. with no guilty conscience
I'm still shockin' like droppin' a boombox in bathwater
More shockin' than a pissed off Blanka

[Verse 3: Joell Ortiz]
I just finished fuckin' a fish called Wanda
I'm finna wander off into yonder
Beyond just mentally stronger, memory monster
I remember the sponsorin' thought that conquered his triple entendre
You the cross of a unicorn and The Unabomber
Quit horsin' around in this building or you a goner
Your Willy Wonka persona won't help you any longer
I'm Optimus, I make prime examples of mini-Tonkas
Hogtie your squad and go bonkers
Spin, grab Denaun's guitar and Honky Tonk ya
Oh, your boss on par like good golfers?
I put a hole in one of you birdies with this Eagle and launch it (Pew)

[Chorus: Eminem]
I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Now this will probably be the most illest shit that I've ever said
God bless the dead and let Biggie possess the pencil lead
They called me a sped and said that I had a messed up head
'Cause I said motherfuck school and instead went to special ed
Sippin' Bacardi and lime I start to recollect on the time
That I startled my mom and had her scared to death
Word to Method Man
She heard some Wu-Tang coming from towards the patio
She was like, "What the heck was that?"
She went to check on the noise and go inspect the deck
Then I jumped out with a sword and yelled, "Protect your neck"
Now bow to the Lord, hold up, no, better yet, kneel
Better yet, get down on all fours and take a vow to always
Rejoice in the sound of my voice, bitch, you don't have a choice
Just a third of my will will overpower yours
Using about a fourth to create the amount of force
It'll take to knock out a horse like a tranq full of Tylen— or
Enter my house of whores with a thousand floors
Got a crown of thorns, but it won't fit around the horns
But I'ma keep it a buck like a dollar store
I'm more than you bargained for and I am far more worse
Than a fourty-some bar Lord Jamar verse
Nothing means more than respect, so when I curse
You could say I swore to protect
My image I have zero time or regard for
I never was, been claiming rap when it's not yours
If it was anyone's house G Rap and Rakim would be havin' you mop floors
Run-DMC would be havin' you cleanin' sinks
Yeah, your group was off the chain, but you were the weakest link
Rest of these youngins of mine
Time to start throwing some shade, this time I'm shutting the blinds
'Cause when I'm looking at y'all, shit, it's no wonder it's why
I need a visor, 'cause y'all are just suns in my eyes
Born a cynic and more demented than an orphanage with a morgue up in it
Next door to an abortion clinic
Newborn infants tortured and tormented
With their foreheads dented when they drop 'cause the floor's cemented
Their corpses get ornamented
The corner where the store has been rented
To store them in and the torsos of forty women reported missin'
Distorted, twisted, this isn't no storybook ending
This is only the beginning
So Lord forgive me, I'm hearing voices
I can't ignore them anymore, they're winning

[Chorus: Eminem]
I thought I heard a voice in my head that said "Kill"
I had no other choice that was left except fill
My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil
He wants me to murder this beat, so I will
He told me there are doubters who question my skill
They wanna put my style to the test, am I still
The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, "Chill
If you want me to murder this beat, then I will"

[Outro: Eminem]
And I don't think that I can stop it (Here it comes)
I do my best to try to block it (Redrum)
I've been sipping on like, vodka (Head's numb)
I'm blacking out, you better watch it (It's bedlam)
[Chorus: Eminem repeat 4X]

That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm Back)
I'm Back (I'm Back) (SLIM SHADY!) I'm Back

[Eminem]
I murder a rhyme one word at a time
You never, heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better, get rid of that nine, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself?
I'm waitin for hell like hell shit I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen I was puttin shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to, get punked and bullied on my block
'til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
{"Mom! MOM!"} I used to give a - fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of suc-cess? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed
Too much stares two breasts, too upset
It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (yes)
Grew up quick (no) was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say is right
You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi"
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, cuz MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait 'til Kim sees me
Now is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect?
Read my lips bitch, what, my mouth isn't workin?
You hear this finger? Oh it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
just to see if he's influenced by me if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit he's an innocent victim
and becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
{*vocal scratches*} My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational {*vocal scratch "Back is the incredible!"*}
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
It's Ken Kaniff on the, internet
Tryin to, lure your kids with him, into bed
It's a, sick world we live in these days
"Slim for Pete's sakes put down Christopher Reeve's legs!"
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
"Slim it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it"
Mind with no sense in it, fried to get so frenetic
whose eyes get so squinted, I'm blind from smokin 'em
with my windows tinted, with nine limos rented
Doin lines of coke in 'em, with a bunch of guys hoppin out
all high and indo scented {*inhales, exhales*}
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I take seven (kids) from (Columbine), stand 'em all in line
Add an AK-47, a revolver, a nine
a Mack-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
and that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
Cause (I'mmmm) Shady, they call me as crazy
as the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing?
Am I the only one who realizes they stink?
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think?
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings?
It's why I tend to block out when I hear things
Cause all these fans screamin is makin my ears ring (AHHHH!!!)
So I just, throw up a middle finger and let it linger
longer than the rumor that I was stickin it to Christina
Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
it'd be Jennifer Lopez, and Puffy you know this!
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck if this chick was my own mother
I still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
and have a son and a new brother at the same time
and just say that it ain't mine, what's my name?

[Chorus]

[Eminem {*vocal scratching*}]
Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back (Hi mom!)
{*scratch*} Guess who's back
{*scratch*} Gue {*scratch*} guess who's back
D-12 {*scratch*} Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre {*scratch*} Guess who's back
Back back {*scratch*} back
{*scratch*}
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt (*sighs*) fuck
(Eminem) + (Obie Trice) 
KaySlay! (Yeah) Yo.. 
Drama King! (Yeah!) 
Check it out, check it out - O. Trice! 
(Shady Records nigga, it's goin down once again boy) 
It's just a scratch man (Let's go Em) 

(Eminem) 
I +Murder+ this +Inc+ as soon as I touch the page 
You ain't gon' have no other choice but to rush the stage 
and charge the mic, and I hope you got the heart to fight 
Cause you gon' have to, cause you ain't got the smarts to write 
somethin that good, to try to come back at me with 
What you gon' do, try to out-rap me with that happy shit? 
You motherfuckers crack me up 
Talkin bout you gonna smack me up, y'all won't even back me up 
Throw up your paws, you pussies can't even scratch me hard 
It's like fuckin Castor Claw tryna jack me off 
You think I'm afraid? What you tryna throw some fear in me? 
You think I'm dumb enough to roll with no security? {*gun clicks*} 
I'm doin my best to try to show maturity 
But don't sit there and stare at me like hoes and sneer at me 
like it's supposed to be scarin me 
Like I won't leap clean over this fuckin V.I.P. rope and throw this chair 
at anyone close or near me tryna approach me physically 
cause he don't spit lyrically 
And he knows that my flow's so sick, this hoe's on my dick 
and he's so sick of hearin me, my posters is starin at him 
But I don't think he knows the severity 
of what it could escalate to or that it could grow so seriously 
if I go hysterically; cause I guarantee 
there's no one in here that would resort like a childhood 
any quicker than I would, or hit you with plywood 
Especially when I'm sippin on this liquor and tonic 
One swig of this bottle I'ma go upside your head so hard with it 

the mark from it'll be so dark that it'll leave a scar so big 
you'll be able to read a label from the motherfuckin 
sticker that's on it; I'm sick of the nonsense 
Shit is ridiculous and I refuse to let it get to this point 
where I'ma let you sit on my conscience - I'm gone bitch, YEAH! 

(Obie Trice) + (Eminem) 
I'm gone bitch 
Shady Records motherfucker, we gone bitch 
I said we gone bitch, so long bitch 
Catch up if you can (whoo!) we movin on bitch (UHH!) 

(Obie Trice) 
Now who you know been to Kyoto, Tokyo 
off of one debut, screamin, "I'm in Janai yo!" 
Obie Trice, sho' you right 
He done seen overseas, he's not a prototype (nah) 
Nobody's protégé, Em only showed O. the way 
Fuck what the media say 
If you listen to music then you should know that O. Trice fused it 
in a matter where he speaks how the streets views it 
Choose, to translate it through the art of music 
and started usin it reachin the youth influenced by the truth in it (truth!) 
And as a boy, a man, I ran from boys in vans 
Do the knowledge, acknowledge and try to comprehend 
Hand full of contraband 
A product of my environment, narcotics and violence 
Inspires the content, but my intent is 
to retire these tired-ass writers in si-lence (yeah!) 
Cause haters they hate us cause Shady became famous 
and claimed the rap game when they thought he'd be nameless (hah!) 
But racist accusations won't change us 
Let the truth be told, you think O. will be over here 
like, "Massa, show 'em you got soul" - no! 
Anybody knows us know this not how we roll 
So, I still push the bucket 
If I ain't trust it I wouldn't fuck with it 
But fuck it, I'm gone bitch! {*two gunshots*}
[Narrator]

Torture chambers, secret passageways, vats of acid, and deadly vaults

[Intro]

Oh (chicka-chicka-chicka-chicka), oh
Guess whos back, I said, oh
g-g-g-g-g I said, oh
Guess whos back I said, man
Damn, g-g-g-g-g guess whos back, oh
(g-g-g-g-g guess whos back)
Damn, it feels good to be back
I'm having a Relapse

[Eminem]

How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges?
He's already got life in jail man, what the hell is his problem?
Well to be honest, the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic
They've compelled me to kill this elderly man
And I get these panic attacks, pop a Xanax, relax
Trying to stick my fucking dick inside a mannequin's ass
Then I get manic depressed, see the orthodontist, get gassed
Man, it's kick ass, the first thing I put on is the mask
Speaking of masks, man, it ain't too late to have a change of pace
And take it off and show my face, so you can see the things you face
And slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by strangulation
That's bacon souffle you making, ain't you? Well, thank you, Jason
There goes one more coma, due to blunt force trauma
Just give me one more Soma and I'll be done for mama
Go in the damn broom closet, another Valium, lost it
Shoving the vacuum nozzle, down the bathroom faucet
It seems like everyday I get a little flakier
The medication is making my hands a little shakier
Hand me that eighteen-month-old baby to shake him up
It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea
Breaking his neck in eighty-some places baby, here Shady comes, lady
He's got the razor b-blades and the ch-ch-chainsa-saw, baby
You b-b-blundering, bumbling, m-m-mumbling dum-dums
Yeah, here I come-come, you hear the rumbling vrumm-vrumm?
There's something inside of that blue tub and that drum, drum
A head and torso of someone, where'd it come from?
Who's it belong to? Maybe the girl with the long, blonde
Hair who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom-poms
Clearly there's somethin' wrong, cause she didn't come home
She's missing, where is she? Something fishy is going on
I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs
Now everybody get your dance on to my damn song, come on
[Eminem]
Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?)
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(I'm Slim Shady..) so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)
I think I got a generation brainwashed
to pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh)
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh)
I like birds, bees, I like people
I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful (hehehe)
like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike
while I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like
cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hmm)
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat
when they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?)
So bring the money by tonight - cause your wife
said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!)
I try to keep it positive and play it cool
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!)
Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!

[Eminem]
Yo.. I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it
(Aww that shit is wack!)
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit
(What?? That's my shit!)
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh)
But they love it when you make your business public
so fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)
And if I told you I had AIDS y'all would play it
cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin when I say it
-- Well, I do take pills, don't do speed
Don't do crack (uh-uhh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh)
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)
I just wanna make a few things clear
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uhh) she's still alive and bitchin (yup)
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin
It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS infested
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested

I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a minithin
(I'm Slim Shady..) I'm Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, ha! Ha hah, hah..) I told you I was Shady!!
(Ha hah-ha, hah-ha! Ha hah, hah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha)
Y'all didn't wanna believe me!
I'm Shady!!
.. And that's my name
[Chorus x2]
If I die young, bury in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song

[Lil Wayne]
She got that good good, she Michael Jackson bad
I'm attracted to her, for her attractive ass
And now we're murderers, because we kill the time
I knock her lights out and she still shine
I hate to see her go, but I love to watch her leave
But I keep her running back and forth like a soccer team
Cold as a winter day, hot as a summer's eve
Young money thieves, steal your love with ease

[Gudda Gudda]
I like the way you walk and if you're walking my way,
I'm that red bull now let's fly away
Let's buy a place, with all kind of space
I let you be the judge, n' n' and I'm the case
I'm Gudda Gudda I put her under
I see me with her, no Stevie Wonder
She don't even wonder, coz she know she bad
And I got her nigga, grocery bag

[Chorus x2]
If I die young, bury in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song

[Eminem]
Man, if I could sing. I'd keep singing this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow something as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't...
Now you probably get this picture from mu public persona
That I'm a pistol packing drug addict who bags on his mama
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest 
Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside my soul
And just know that I grow cold of the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world and I think my neck is breaking
Should I just give up or live up to these excpetations?
now look, I love my daughter more than life itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life living hell,
But I handle it ell, given the circmustances I'm dealt 
So many chances man, it's too bad coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted is nothing to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm faceing, 3 felonies, 6 years of probation 
I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's back, bent over backwards for this woman

[Chorus x2]
If I die young, bury in satin
Lay me down on a bed of roses
Sink me in the river at dawn
Send me away with the words of a love song
[Dr. Dre]
Check Check, 1,2 , 1,2 1,2(it's rolling)
Yea yea yea Dr. Dre up in here Y'all know what this is.
Its what y'all been waiting for Funk Master Flex, Big Kap,
Def Jam Records giving it to you baby.
Yo Eminem show these mother fuckers what time it is baby

[Eminem]
I used to be a lonely man, only mad, until I got a million dollars, shit
Now if i only had some fucking hair I'd pull it, faster than a bullet
Out of Tupac's chest before the ambulance came too late to do it
I'm trying to grow it back again, it was an accident
I had my back against the fan and chopped it off in Amsterdam
I hate the straight jacket it aint latching, and can't lock it
So they stapled my hand to my pants pockets
The cell's padded and battered like someone else had it
Before me, and just kept throwing they fucking selfs at it
My head is aching, I'm dedicated to medication
But this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!)
Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?) 
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
Running up and down the street screaming, "Fuck the Police"
When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple stuck in your teeth
(Fucking baby) Became a role model after Colorado
Now all they do is follow me around and holla Bravo!
Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public
Suck my dick, bitch
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't
Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
So put a sock in it, with your fake-ass Tupac image
You faggots ain't tough, you just get drunk and become talkative
(Wanna Fight?) I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
So when you see me on your block stumbling, mumbling
A bunch of dumb shit like my drunk uncle does
I ain't buzzed, I'mm juss high on life
So why on earth would I need drugs, when I can fly on kites?
Motherfuckers, Slim Shady

Dr Dre: Dr Dre!
Eminem: I'm drunk pass the tec

[Eminem And Dr. Dre ]
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On

[Eminem]
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!)
Psych I'm just joking, for christ sake
Dont get so bent out of shape 
Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends
Some people just don't get it, but I won't let it upset me
Cause they don't know better
They don't know what the fuck its like to be so fed up
And fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
My mind's got a mind of it's own, sometimes I can't find it at home
It hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?)
Shit, talk about your brain being baked
My shit's still in the oven on 480 De-Grades
Hailey Jade, daddy loves you baby,
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter fuck you lady
You critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes
The neighborhood that I grew up in you could die for nothing
And Dirty Dozen watches over me so try some dumb shit
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth
And shove his head in the fan blade
Don't ever tell me what I can and what I can't say
Or change cause of the age range in my fan base
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit
Quit fucking buying it, I'm tired bitch, I'm dying to quit
Hip Hop is universal now, it's all commercial now
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
But now the Withe kids like it, so they tell me I can buy it
But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent
Either that or booed, thats why I keep an attitude
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge
I'll confess to every murder I committed since 3 years old

[Eminem And Dr. Dre ]
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dre] Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On

[Dr. Dre]
Fuck that, turn that shit off
Let's get the fuck out of here
You know how we do (echo)
Life.. by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle
put in front of your optical to slow you down
And everytime you think you gotten past it
it's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies, with secret indentities
and disguises, to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make the same friends come back around
swearing that they was always down
What is life?
I'm tired of life
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committing so many sins
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never having any ends
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and mini-thins
I'm tired of this DJ playing YOUR shit when he spins
Tired of not having a deal
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel
Tired of drowning in my sorrow
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin off
I'm tired of jobs startin off at five fifty an hour
then this boss wanders why I'm smartin off
I'm tired of being fired everytime I fart and cough
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk
for this jerk breathing down my neck driving me bezerk
I'm tired of using plastic silverware
Tired of working in Building Square
Tired of not being a millionaire

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not having a phone
Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have it on
Tired of not driving a BM
Tired of not working at GM, tired of wanting to be him
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum
Tired of not being on tour
Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work
in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns
Tired of being stared at
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin half the skill as me
saying they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs
Tired of J-L-B saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"

But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick
without a condom on, while I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks
it wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out
robbing armored trucks
If I had one wish
I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

You know what I'm saying?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit
Telling me to be positive
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
Know what I'm sayin?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
Know what I'm sayin? Right now I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin?
But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin?
Just fed up
That's my word
[Verse 1]
"This could never work," is what we said at first
But whatever this is, it's working
But we're in two different worlds and (Yeah)
I'm not your husband (Nah), you ain't my girlfriend
All I know is that (What?)
When I'm with you, I'm a different person, yeah
And I ain't never met a chick as perfect
Girl, you're a ten, so here I am (Yeah)
Laying here with her again
Thinking 'bout you
She's asleep, you're texting me around two
Crying face emoji, you say this is me without you
We're sneaking out to meet at cheap hotel rooms or
Sex in the car, then I'll text you tomorrow
Do I question it? Nah, no objection at all
'Cause both of us are still involved, so
As I'm peelin' off, all I'm thinking 'bout is

[Chorus]
I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep

[Verse 2]
You're laying there with him, thinking 'bout me
He's asleep, you say, "Let's meet around three"
You went to leave the house, he caught you sneaking out, now he's freaking out
You thought he was sleepin' soundly, woah
You say you're going for a drive, you don't question him
When he stumbles in, like, "Where the fuck you've been?"
Then you pump his ear with what he wants to hear
Tell him you love him, yeah, wipe each other's tears
But it's been a couple years since we been doin' dirt
You or my girl, don't wanna see either of you get hurt
But now the lines are getting super blurred
Can't tell if I'm cheating on her with you or cheating on you with her
But really, nobody's at fault, can't help who you love
Hope they don't ever hear us talk
'Cause we both are getting sloppy
Probably subconsciously part of me's hoping we get caught 'cause

[Chorus]
I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep

[Verse 3]
We're laying here with them, thinking 'bout us
'Cause now when we get home, we get jealous
Of each other being someone else's
Call us Long John Silver's 'cause we selfish
But I just wanna see ya
Don't care if it's at the Ritz or Motel 6
If I'm there with ya, rich or poor
When I'm laying here with ya, it could be the kitchen floor
I could stay in bed with ya starin' at ya 'til the morn'
I just wanna be your secret lover, yeah
I'd rather share ya than to not have you at all
So once a year or twice a month I'm here if you want it
Yeah, I'm open season
And I'm always game, so I keep it a hundred, dear, haha
'Cause we could never be each other's everythings, you got a wedding ring
So it's him instead of me, but I'll be your second string, now and forever because

[Chorus]
I'm not happy here (Nah), with her
Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too
'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him
Rather have me (I know, but), we just in too deep (I'm in way too deep)
[Intro: The Cranberries]
In your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm backing up my shit
Smoke shit in the cars
I can fit and I'm just driving as far as I can get
Away from these problems, to all my sorrows I forget
What's tomorrow like? 'Cause tonight I'm starting life again
Kids in the corner won't stop fucking my ignoring
Besides psycho when I fantasize
Starting my whole life over [?]
Oh and I might go and
Get hypnotized so I don't even recognize no one
I try to look alive because there's nothing like
Holding your head up high when you're dead inside
And I just hide so in, case you're wondering why my insides showing
'Cause I done spilled all my guts and know some minds so I'm
Picking them up and stuff them in the back
Fuck it I've done enough in this rap shit, Recovery brought me nothing
But back, to where I was and perhaps, this could've been my victory lap if I wasn't on the verge of Relapse

[Chorus: The Cranberries]
In your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh

[Verse 2: Eminem]
It seems to be the reoccurring main theme
The shit I would daydream as a kid, I was eighteen
I went from an irate teenager to still raging
Isn't it though amazing: back then I put anything
Into the rhyme, whether it was sad, mad, happy or angry
I spit it, the mainstream, I hit it
Yay me, I did it! …Did what?
Hailie, baby, I didn't mean to make you eighty
Percent of what I rapped about
Maybe I shoulda did a better job at separating
Shady and entertaining from real life
But this fame thing is still the hardest thing to explain
It's the craziest shit I
Ever seen, and back then it was like I ain't even
Bothered taking into consideration
You one day being older and may hear me say things
I didn’t (A) mean and (B) just ain’t me
Okay, so ladies and gentlemen
Let's strip away everything and see the main reason that I
Feel like a lame piece of shit, I sound cranky and bitter
Complain, beef and bicker 'bout the same things
'Cause when I look at me, I don't see what they see
I feel ashamed, greedy
And lately I've been contemplating
Escaping to get away and go wherever this road takes me
It's making me crazy, what's in my—

[Chorus: The Cranberries]
In your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie
What's in your head, in your head
Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh
Ah yeah
This is Eminem, baby
Back up in that motherfucking ass
One time for your motherfucking mind
We represent the 3 1 3, you know what I’m saying?
They don’t shit about this
For the ‘96

Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin'
The zany-actin' maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son
You mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack with just a fraction of my tracks run
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches with spray that disinfects 'em
Twisting necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue
Turn your system up
Twist them up and indulge in the marijuana smog
This is the season for noise pollution, contamination
Examination of more cartoons than animation
My lamination of narration
Hits a snare and bass on a track fucked up rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be staring gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland
Im infinite

You heard of hell? Well, I was sent from it
I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it 
But when I hear the beat
I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm Infinite

Bust it
I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people
MC's are feeble
I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one
Imitator intimidator, stimulator, simulator of data, eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My a capella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis
It eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite

You heard of hell? Well, I was sent from it 
I went to it serving a sentence for murdering instruments 
Now I'm trying to repent from it 
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm Infinite 

Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense and I've been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MCs
Mic nestler, slam it like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical, act a fool, then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact I can't see or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo
On my last jam plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit
I'm Infinite

You heard of hell? Well, I was sent from it
I went to it servin a sentence for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm Infinite

You heard of hell? Well, I was sent from it
I went to it servin a sentence for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm Infinite

(95, 96, and on and on)
[Verse 1]
I was born with a dick in my brain yeah fucked in the head
my stepfather said that I sucked in the bed
till one night he snuck in and said, "we're going out back- I want my dick sucked in the shed"
can't we just play with Teddy Ruxbin instead?
"After I fuck you in the butt get some head
bust a nut get some rest"
the next day my mother said "I don't know what the fucks up with this kid
the bastard won't even eat nothin he's fed
he just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset
go in there stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck
I bet you he's faking it, I'll bet you I'll bet
he probably just wants to see how upset you would get
I'll go handle this of course unless you object"
"Aw go fuck his brains out if any's left in his head"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know I completely lost it
is he nuts? No, he's insane

if you could count the skeletons in my closet under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know I've completely lost it
is he nuts? No, he's insane

[Verse 2]
Did you get him? Naw the fucker tried to bite my face off
I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
then he took the chainsaw bit the fuckin' blades off
ate the blades stuck a baseball in a slingshot
then he aimed at his own face let the thang pop
took his eye out picked it up and played pang-pong
then he played pang-pong with his own dang dong
that motherfucker's got nuts like Kang Kong
then he set the lawnmower out on the dang lawn
and he laid all up underneath it with the thang on
then he took his pants he took every fucking thang off
everythang 'cept his tank top and his training bra
ain't he raw? Yeah, maniac that's Shady dog
man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog?
Shady dog what be goin' through that fuckin' brain of yours?
say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for sang along

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know I completely lost it
is he nuts? No, he's insane

if you could count the skeletons in my closet under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know I've completely lost it
is he nuts? No, he's insane


[Verse 3]
Don't you know what feltch means? Yeah- well then tell me
would you rather get feltched or do the feltching?
Fuck 'em in the ass suck the come out while you're belching
(burp) burp belch and go back for a second helping
can you dig what I'm sayin' man can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my stepfather felt me
fuck a little puppy kick the puppy while he's yelping
Shady what the fuck you saying? I don't know help me
what the fucks happening? I think I'm fucking melting
"Marshall I just love you boy I care about your well being"
no dad I said no, I don't need no help peeing, I'm a big boy I can do it by myself see
I only get naked when the babysitter tells me
whe showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"
but it was X and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"well this one's called "Ass Rape" and were shooting the jail scene"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know I completely lost it
is he nuts? No, he's insane

if you could count the skeletons in my closet under my bed and up under my faucet
then you would know I've completely lost it
is he nuts? No, he's insane
WHOOOO!!!
Hey, how you guys doin.
You want more?
Alright, then SHUT UP!!!

Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo (Shoobeedoo)
Shoobeedoo Shoobee Snoobedeebeebop

Girl (girl, girl, girl)
Your My World (world, world, world)
Your My Girl (girl, girl, girl)

Your my world, world, world.

Here's a song for da ladies
[Slim Shady:]
"Eminem"

[Eminem:]
"No"

[Slim Shady:]
"Eminem"

[Eminem:]
"Nooo"

[Slim Shady:]
"Wake the fuck up motherfucker"

[Eminem:]
"What do you want from me??"

[Slim Shady:]
"Remember me"

[Eminem:]
"I killed you!"

[Slim Shady:]
"Thought I was dead, didn't you"

[Eminem:]
"WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!"

[Slim Shady:]
"I'm alive!"

[Eminem:]
"Oh god!"

[Slim Shady:]
"Get up"

[Eminem:]
"No"

[Slim Shady:]
"Get up and look in the mirror!"

[Eminem:]
"I don't want to"

[Slim Shady:]
"Look in the mirror to see your reflection"

[Eminem:]
"LEAVE ME ALONE!!"

[Slim Shady:]
"LOOK IN THE MIRROR!, YOU'RE NOTHING, YOU'RE NOTHING WITHOUT ME!
LOOK IN THE MOTHERFUCKING MIRROR!!!"

[Eminem:]
"NOOOOO!!" [Glass Shatters]

[Low, Down, Dirty being scratched]
"So let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this?"

{*scratching*} What is this? what is this?

[Intro]
The Invasion! (Invasion yeah)
Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah)

[Bridge: Eminem]
I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit
D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice!
So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name
Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice!

[Verse: Eminem]
Whoa, here we go, I shoulda' known
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit
Sooner or later you little haters
Are too jealous of us to love us
You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming
D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach
50 percent of it's 50 cent
The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is
But if you even considerin' taking our label down
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it
But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it
I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit
Cause then it's gonna get to the point
Where it escalates to some other shit
Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to
"Stomping in my Air Force Ones"
But you won't be able to tell
If it's two pairs or it's one
It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you
You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe
I don't know what it is or what it could be
But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me
Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me
Y'all tickle me pink
I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me
Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety
A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy
Mixed with a little bit of the {*Eminem vocal scratch*}
Wit a pinch of Biggie
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy

[Chorus: Eminem]
We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records
We the label fa' sho!

We the realest label
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label
Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper
Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records
We gon' kill your label fa' sho!

[Eminem]
Shady in the place to be see
And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right!
Still watch what you say to me punk
Cause I'm off probation in less than six months {*gun cocked*}

[Outro]
Haha, Shady Records
Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't
Hear you motherfuckers talkin'!
Cause we do and we see y'all
We just gon' sit back for a minute
While I see what the FUCK y'all do
Green Lantern 
Okay (Yeah) 
It's about that time again (Haha) 

Eminem 
Green Latern (That's Right) 
G-G-G-G-G Uni-(burp) 

50 Cent 
Hahaha...Shady 

Eminem 
We Back (Invasion) Part II 

Green Lantern 
The Conspricacy 

Eminem 
Cause we ain't going no never stop, you just keep wasting your energy 
On us, you should find something to do with your time (time) 
and quit fucking with us cause we ain't fucking with you 
and E must be fucking with you so much you must be gone out your mind 

They say I'm day away from my entire empire crumbling 
speak up your mumbling, what the fuck-a yousa bibi-bay okay big-bi-bi-baby 
this is Shady I know you was bi-bi-hoping we be-be-would just go away 
but weeble mable weeble wobble but we don't fall down like 
Jam Master Jay's two turn table, our lable is just too stable 
you're magazine so motherfucking thin you using staples 
to hold it together it's turning back into a news paper 
and yall got something for my ass every issue 
thank you, cause I keep running out of fucking tissues 
and I could diss you but god I was sick of looking at you 
at least now I can see when Nike's got a new ten-nis shoe 
but-but I guess no good news is always good good news 
moving on to bigger and better things (chicka chicka jeera) 
50's blowing up, this year just keeps going up 
what the fuck is going on? who the fuck is Norah Jones? 
Shady wait a minute, baby, leave the whore alone 
Just go up there and be humble and take them awards home 
Bush has declared the world a fucking war zone 
meanwhile we got a war going on of our own at home 
my minds fucking blown, trying to figure out how to fight my own clone 
rhine stones are so nice, they shine so bright especially at night 
after a hit of ecstacy ain't that right? 
woahehhh wait a minute I'm rambling, back to the matter at hand 
it's Green Latern with Elvis Presley the selfish MC 
back to the ruin rap and destroy the industry 
single handedly and oh man did we, yeah me and 50 
Obie, me and D Tweezy 
and Nelly and Missy and Jigga god damn it's all a plan divised by the man 
It's a conspriracy...against fake shit, and anybody who can't make hits 
or ain't dope lyrically, so fuck what you hear and what you read about 
we ain't ruining rap baby we're just trying to weed it out 

Shady in the place to be see, and I got what it takes to rock the mic, aiight! 
still keep talking shit to me punk, cause your magazines over in less than 6 months! 
haha...Shady Records, still Aftermath 
and don't think we can hear you motherfuckers talking, cause we can't 
we don't hear yall 
so we just gonna sit back for the rest of our lives while you ride our dicks
Yeah 
A Yo Em 
Ha Ha 
What We Call This S*** Right Here 
The Invasion 
You Have Part One U Got Part Two Now Its 
Part Three 
The Final Chapter Mother F***ers 
Armageddon, Lets Go 

I Got A Riddle What's Little And Talks Big 
With Midget Arms And Creamy White Fillin In The Middle 
That Will Do Anything To Throw Dirt On My Name 
If It Means Walkin The Whole Mediterranean 
Isn't It Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian No 
Its Dave Raymon And Oh, Ho So Sorry Yo So Sorry Wo 
But That Was A Long Time Ago When I Was Just Joe Shmoe 
Rappin In Joe Blows Basement I Apologized For It Befo, So 
Either Except It Or You Don't And Lets Move On 
If I've Shown That I've Grown And Get The Bone 
Keep Lickin These Nuts You Industry Mutts 
Keep Walkin Around Sniffin Each Others Butts 
Or Should I Say Asses 
What Would Be The More Politically Correct Term To Use For The Masses 

Hold Up Hold Up Hold Up 
New York City Man 
It's The Kid Lloyd Banks 
And It U Hearin What I'm Hearin Right Now 
You Know This Aint No Regular S*** Homie 
This Something Special And We Gotta Bring This Back 
Green Common 

Countdown To Armageddon 
Lets Go 

I Got A Riddle What's Little And Talks Big 
With Midget Arms And Creamy White Fillin In The Middle 
That Will Do Anything To Throw Dirt On My Name 
If It Means Walkin The Whole Mediterranean 
Isn't It Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian No 
Its Dave Raymon And Oh, Ho So Sorry Yo So Sorry Wo 
But That Was A Long Time Ago When I Was Just Joe Shmoe 
Rappin In Joe Blows Basement I Apologized For It Befo So 
Either Except It Or You Don't And Lets Move On 
If I've Shown That I've Grown And Get The Bone 
Keep Lickin These Nuts You Industry Mutts 
Keep Walkin Around Sniffin Each Others Butts 
Or Should I Say Asses 
What Would Be The More Politically Correct Term To Use For The Masses 
The Question I Ask Is 
How Can I Explain This 
How Can I Swing This In English Language 
If I Switch To Slang And Turn Man To Man 
Do I Do It In Vein Or Simply To Entertain 
Am I Bein Real Or Am I Bein Fake 
Am I Just A Fraud Or Am I Truly Genuine 
Or Am I Caught Up In This Hot Water Wody On My Daughter 
I Told Ya I Love This Culture Don't Let Em' Insult Ya 
I'm Tell Ya One Me (A)Gain This Is The Environment That I Was Brought Up In 
But Every Now And Then I Use My Pen To Get Rid Of Some Frustratshin 
Or Should I Say Or Should I Say Shon 
Is It Just Another One Of My Subliminal Was Of Racism 
Your Face Is Numb Your Stunned Your Look Is Cold 
Like That Of A Man Of Seventy Some Years Old 
And It Only Gets Colder Which Is Why I Understand 
And Cant Be Mad At A Forty Four Year Old Fan 
With A Chip On His Shoulder Who Only Owns A Half Of A Magazine 
And The Only Way To Have It Seen Is To Put Me On The Front Of It Again 
Only Thing That Makes Him Grin Is To See Me Frown 
Papa Cant Stand Me Papa Needs To Take His Medication And Sit The F*** Down 
In His New Chair That Goes Round And Round 
That He Bought From New Money In His Bank Account 
That I Get Him Every Issue When The Thang Comes Out 
Sit Back And Let His Puffy Clown Hair Come Out 
And Let His Black Side Arm Wrestle His White Side 
Yell A Partied Loud Enough That He Might Slide 
He Might Find Someone Dumb Enough Who Might Ride 
But Aint Nobody Over Here Buyin Two White Guys Disguised As Propalac 
There Is No Slack 
Far Heart For College Grat. In A Fitted Hat And A Hunch Back 
Standin By The Clearance Coat Rack 
In Some Old Slacks And Tomorrows Old Throw Backs 
Yeah 
Shady In The Place To Be C 
And It Takes What I Got To Rock The Mic Right 
Still Not Gonna Cater These Punks 
F***** C***suckin P**** Lips Haters D**** C****
[Intro: Eminem]
R.I.P. to R-A-P
E-M-I-N-E-M's back with the D-R-E, and I'm the

[Verse 1: Eminem]
S-L-I-M (What?) S-H-A-D-Y (Woo)
I'm H-I-G-H (Yeah), yeah, baby, high (Haha)
And not afraid of heights, and the B-O-D-Y
Is C-R to the A-Z-Y, the G-U-Y
With the mother-F-U-C-K I-N
C-H-A-I-N-S-A-W and the W-H-I-S-K-E-Y
And I don't wanna trouble you, wait
But before you skate, I'd like to try to break the ice
Like a frozen lake, so you'll fall, stay the night
Say, like eight or nine
'Cause on a scale of one to ten, that's how I rate your vibe
Let me be your vibrator (Get it?)
Your body's slammin' like André the Giant
Two wrongs make a right
Let me take you by the arm, I'm alligator-like (Bite her arm)
Gal, I waited all my life for you, heart is racin' like Talladega Nights
Sick minds think alike, girl, you got me singin', like

[Chorus: Eminem, Sly Pyper, Both]
Girl, I've been watchin' what you do
Baby, I ain't never met a woman quite like you (Like you)
So tell me what I gotta do
I've never been with a virgin, but I'd sure like to (Yeah)
Is this love that I'm feelin'? (That I'm fallin')
How do I describe the vibe that I'm feelin' inside?
I'm in the mood for sexual healin' (I'm fallin')

[Verse 2: Eminem, 50 Cent]
Girl, I'm diggin' your whole MO
Give me a go, you're throwin' innuendos
Keep sendin' me smoke signals (Yeah)
Everything's movin', spinning in slow M-O
T-I-O-N now anything goes, earlobe
Nibbling, so gentle, then we disrobe, she goes
Emily Rose, middle of givin' me dome, she froze
Literally goes mental, screams she's broke, fragile
Empty and so brittle, Henny and Coke
Can make women emotional
Told her she ain't just some twenty-some year old bimbo
Then we indulged in so many of those benzos
That I proposed, then gave the strippers a pole
"Finish me, ma!" Then dose, then we awoke
Like, "Yo, did we elope?" Give me a Jolt
My mind's blank, I'm sipping in hopes it'll
Jog it, I thought this was a memory foam pillow
Then why the fuck are we remembering so little?

[Chorus: Eminem, Sly Pyper, Both]
Girl, I've been watchin' what you do
Baby, I ain't never met a woman quite like you (Like you)
So tell me what I gotta do
I've never been with a virgin, but I'd sure like to (Yeah)
Is this love that I'm feelin'? (That I'm fallin')
How do I describe the vibe that I'm feelin' inside?
I'm in the mood for sexual healin', 50! (I'm fallin')

[Verse 3: 50 Cent, Eminem]
I kill a bitch with a potato peeler for the skrilla
I'm finna skin a sinner, dick robbed, like Bruce Jenner
Long time, interest me all I
Like it like I like snuff flicks, sip piss, eat shit
You're workin' my nerves, louder now, come on, bark, bitch
Hi, I'm Shady's Cronie, Shady done rubbed off on me
Yeah, bitch, bow me 'fore he used the chainsaw for me
After you see my G-U-N in a pine box we will see you
And you can't believe it's me again
I B-I-G T-I-M-E K-I-L-L very W-E-L-L
Go to Hell, R-U-N, T-E-L-L
I'm coming, straight dumbin' with my gun in
Hand, there's no options, I'm P-O-P-P-I-N
Ya dyin', doc's still tryin' to save you
If you survive, I'ma show you what the gauge do
I'm the type there's nothing you can say to
(Ayo, bring that hook)

[Chorus: Eminem, Sly Pyper, Both]
Girl, I've been watchin' what you do
Baby, I ain't never met a woman quite like you (Like you)
So tell me what I gotta do
I've never been with a virgin, but I'd sure like to (Yeah)
Is this love that I'm feelin'? (That I'm fallin')
How do I describe the vibe that I'm feelin' inside?
I'm in the mood for sexual healin' (I'm fallin')
[Eminem]

Ih.. ih, ih (it has been)
It has been, it has been, it has been
It has been said, that there has been known to be bloodshed
Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead {what?}
Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead
Money power respect, street cred, yeah
It's scary ain't it? Picture yourself goin out as a hero {uhh}
Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners
Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners
Notorious tried to warn us
We watched, so many Biggie backed off of {ha ha ha}
Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap
Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact
these tragic events, which lead us back
To where we left off on March 9th
To come from such hard knock lifes
And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights
And, once they're on us this is our lives
Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us
to see who can last the longest
And he who lasts the longest, must be the strongest {uh-huh}
In this concrete jungle, where this dog eat dog mentality comes from
It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starvin
Or it could just be somebody's horror, that just horri-fies
And applies to his persona or the sizes
in his entou-rage, that intimidates the people
To the point that you know that he's gangster
He ain't just say shit, you just believe it

[Obie Trice]

Since B.I.G. taught us niggaz to think big
I'm been about my business since then, so anxious {what?}
It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn
This I took in, sent chills through my skin
Vicious, I'm experiencin the same sights as him
It's what excited Obie to write these poems
Rollin, goin through the same shit he spoken
Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies
When _Ready to Die_ was a sick part of my life {yeah}
Palmin that forty-five, plottin to pop my mind
Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind
Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind
Get up out the system, who could give him better signs
No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes
So possibly I'd be popular huh? {uh-huh}
That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I.

[Diddy]

I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind
Enter the most phenomenal artist of any and all time
I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed
Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess
Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passin {what?}
All I did was build a dynasty, off of his passion
And I'm addressin the adolesencents absent to who he is
The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace...
This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna
And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother...
On repeat, all of your albums play back to back {yeah}
And I visit your grave cause our friendship's intact
An immaculate concept, extravagant progress
Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yellin "God bless"
Regardless to critics yellin that East/West
I seen the game losin, I'm just pressin the reset {uhh}
And when the ressurection of you shines through an individual
Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally!
I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest
Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga!
Thanks, it's been real
I love you but I just can't deal
With the stress this game is giving me
But before I go, you know I can't close the show
Without no closure so before I leave...

Yeah
I just wanna take the time out right now, man, to basically say rest in peace, Deshaun Holton. That's my heart, man. And Dr. Dre, for giving me the opportunity, just to even listen to me, to get me to this point. 
I wanna thank Jimmy Iovine, Interscope, Aftermath, everybody at the whole Shady staff. Everybody whose basically supported me from day one. Paul Rosenberg. Tracy Mcnew. You know I love you guys, I couldn't do it without you. D12. Cashis. You gon' be a beast when you get out there, man. Trust me, homie—my ears don't lie to me. 
Who else am I forgetting? Oh yeah! Obie Trice, Bobby Creekwater, and basically, man, the whole city of Detroit—8 Mile Road—for making me who I am today...which basically goes back to Proof. D12, I love you guys, man. Runyon Ave, for holding me down when shit got big (?).
Oh, and wouldn't be complete if I didn't thank my mom… bitch. 
So...

Thanks, it's been real
I love you but I just can't deal
With the stress this game is giving me
But before I go, you know I can't close the show
Without no closure so before I leave...
[Eye-Kyu:] Check it out,
[Eminem:] Hey Kyu!

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth

[Eye-Kyu:]
[Chorus:]
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep
Men singing:
Jealous! (8X)
Girls voice: (Talking over the singing)
Jealous!?! What he mean jealous, know what I'm saying?
He just mad cause he got with some ugly hoes, know what I'm saying?
Girls don't buy him no clothes, He bought that ho some clothes!!
He don't buy me no clothes, Nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick
I mean, What do I got to be jealous for?
He ain't gonna make it no where, he ain't got no type of time
He has no career move, I mean...
Verse 1:
I come home every single day from working double shifts
And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts
I come inside and you pretend you miss me when you kiss me
Then you diss me and we strenuously fight continuously
Again you frisk me, for numbers trying to bust me
It must be only just because you never learned to trust me
Plus we only grovel only irrelevant issues
To many tissues, for my feelings you misuse
I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me
I bring you diamond rings you say I'm bad at timing things
So what's a man to do when all i hand to you is handed back to me
You act to be this gangsta bitch, that ain't what first attracted me
I used to love your company now you always bugging me
For information and you tell your friends you plan on dumping me
So I'ma wait for your evacuation
Cause every accusation makes me wanna smack your face in
See I've never been so sure, and your just insecure
So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure
I recommend you take your things and check them in
Look at the nervous wreck I'm in, I need my second wind, Say What?
Chorus: Men Singing
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (8X)
Women's Voice: (Talking over singing)
Fuck you and what you going through
Fuck Eminem, he just mad cause I left that nigga for another man
Me and Eminem don't need nothing but my and his money
Immature, Me? Nigga ain't got no dick, no swang in his thang
Know what I'm saying? He just mad cause I'm getting it all night
Jealous of me, know what I'm saying? That's what I'm talking about
Mother fucker just trying to get his pussy
Verse 2:
I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments
I used to be intoxicated with your sweet sense
Until the day I started following your feetprints
And tapping in your phone conversations through the heat vents
It made complete sense, there's someone else you like
So I confronted you and asked you who was Mike?
And you was like, (sampled) **I need a new nigga**
Someone rich that I could follow
And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow
Leaving me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so broken hearted
I fell apart when you departed then the joking started
I was an open target, you play comedian
And I became the laughing stock. but now I'm on my feet again
And so we meet again, your acting like an ex-wife
All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife
He goes, "You didn't want me to see you then, I don't want you now"
Take a towel, wipe your brow, quit trying to hunt me down
You run me down and now your trying to apologize
For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes
Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it
Jealousy is in the house ya'll, Fellas sing it...
Chorus: Men Singing
Jealous, Jealousy, Jealousy (12X)
[50 Cent:] 
Man, let's go 
[Eminem:] 
Ayo fif' 
[50 Cent:] 
Yeah 
[Eminem:] 
Come on en tell 'em 
It's time to hate us again 
We're back 
[50 Cent:] 
haha 

[Verse 1: Eminem] 
Jimmy can Crack Corn, but I don't care 
My enemies Crack Corn, but I don't care 
You can be black, white or albino, yeah 
You can have corn rows inside your hair 
I give a fuck if I don't like your stair 
This bottle of wine goes upside your head 
A little bit psycho, but I know that 
Think we just don't say it, then I won't say it 
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag 
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad 
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit 
You can just keep makin' them tired old threads 
A little bit like the boy you cried wolf, yeah 
See me, but don't dare to try no shit 
Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers 
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass 
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast 
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go bad 
From outta nowhere, you might find your career 
Come to it,... and I was like (Oh Yeah) 

[Chorus:] 
See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah) 
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
See Jimmy can Crack Corn but I don't care 
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here) 
And where the fuck we goin, well like (No where) 

[Verse 2: Eminem] 
Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but 
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want 
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice 
If you keep comin' back, it only means you know you lost a fight 
They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, cause they talk shit 
Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squase it 
Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit 
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it 
But the pride won't let 'em, inside's a 'Go get 'em' 
And I'm just like 'Why your tryna fight momentum?' 
We just keep winnin', by landslides oh en umm 
Shady Limited's, in any size yo' Denim 
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire 
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiyaa'' 
We ain't wire your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah 
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars 
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her 
Right in the ass with KY, Yes sir! 
So full of joy, why am I absurd 
Even Chingy would tell you 
'Yea boi don't curr' 

[Chorus:] 
See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah) 
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
See Jimmy can Crack Corn but I don't care 
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
And where is G-Unit at, they're like (We over here) 
And where the fuck we goin, well like (No where) 

[Verse 3: 50 Cent] 
Ya homie got clapped on, man I don't care 
The cops in my Nana crib, but I'm not there 
It is what it is dawg, man life's not fair 
Ya friends shoulda know not to front 'round here 
You see kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear 
They'll strip yo ass, of your jewels, right here 
Man and I'ma say this one time, now get this clear 
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where 
A beautiful day, without drama is rare 
Ya girl's a freak, man sometime we share 
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare 
You prolly heard about me, I'm a shown up playa 
In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor 
ridin', winding, dining and shining, know what I'm sayin 
I ain't got time for fucking around, and horseplayin' 
I'm making hits, my homies takin' hits, who's staying 

[Chorus:] 
See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah) 
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah) 
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah) 
See Jimmy can Crack Corn but I don't care 
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah) 
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em) 
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here) 
And where the fuck we goin, well like (No where) 

[Eminem:] 
Haha 
[50 Cent:] 
Yeah 
[Eminem:] 
It's The Re-Up 
[50 Cent:] 
Haha 
[Eminem:] 
God, I love it 
I know you hate that laugh, don't you? 
Haha 
Keep doing it 
[50 Cent:] 
Do it again 
[Eminem:] 
What...? 
[50 Cent:] 
Laugh 
[Eminem:] 
Oh 
Haha! 
[50 Cent:] 
I like that, haha 
[Eminem:] 
Haha haha 
[50 Cent:] 
hehe 
[Eminem:] 
You gonna think I'm really crazy, right?
[Intro]
Yeah, woo, yeah
Fetch me a beer, man
The fuckin' Red Wings are playin'
Ayy, the fuckin' Red Wings are playin', man, fuck
Shut up, man, you're gonna fuckin' make me miss the game

[Verse 1]
It goes, one, two, three, four
Rush room, C4
Need more bleach, breathe more (Yo, I said)
Reach for ether, either or (Either one)
Markers, paint, inhale, faint
Yeah, heh, heh, smells great, heh (Woah)
Acid, you don't got that? Just melt plastic
That's it, now let it smoke and smell that shit
I can't see shit, you're foggin' up the room
Gimme that shit, bitch, you're hoggin' the balloon (Hey)
I might just suck nitrous all night long
If I just die, Mike, just call my mom (911)
Greg can drink a whole keg through a funnel
Put his foot through it and crawl in it like a tunnel
From the 313 to the 810
Hey, Brian, you ain't coverin' the rush hole
You're not doin' it right, pay attention
Who the fuck taught you to smoke? Bill Clinton?
Come on, inhale, puff, pass, puff, pass
Okay, that's enough, damn
Tom, that's my mom's lamp
Goddamn, dude, fuckin' calm down (Sorry)
Look at you guys, you're makin' a mess, where's Jason?
"Dude, I'm in the basement with Jeff
He just dropped a bunch of weights on his chest
Help me get 'em off," wait, you're breakin' his neck (Alright)
You grab that end, dick, I'll grab this end
I told him not to lift when he sniffs, he don't listen
[Chorus]
Get me drunk, let me go and get me high tonight
Jimmy, don't, Jimmy don't let me die tonight
Get me home, Jimmy, don't let me drive tonight
I just wanna get blown with Brian and Mike
Get me drunk, let me go and get me high tonight
Jimmy, don't, Jimmy don't let me die tonight
Get me home, Jimmy, don't let me drive tonight
I just wanna get blown with Brian and Mike

[Post-Chorus]
(Chicka) Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky, and Mike
(Chicka) Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky, and Mike
(Ch—) Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky, and Mike
(Chicka) Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky, and Mike

[Verse 2]
I spilled beer on the carpet, the walls are drunk, you asshole
I ain't leanin' on 'em, I'm holdin' 'em up
Shit, tonight, man, I ain't holdin' 'em up
I'm openin' up shop to the cops and closin' it shut
Nineteen shots might seem like a lot, but it's not
I ain't even buzzin', man, I swear to God
Tom, stop, you're gonna scare the dog
He's gonna bark and Mr. Johnson's gonna come downstairs, and, ugh
"Hey, I want some peace and quiet here
Or I'ma send the goddamn police in riot gear"
Shut up, Mr. Johnson, don't even start
Go have another fuckin' heart attack, you old fart
I hate that guy, Brian, that's the hamper
What's the matter, you can't go to the damn bathroom?
"Sorry, I had to shit, dude, where's the tissue?"
I dunno, just use this XXL issue
Look at this house, who put this couch crooked?
Ow, stupid, you just stepped on my foot, now look it
It looks like I just stepped in a mud puddle
You fuckin' dick (I'm sorry), shut up, butthole
You prolly did it on purpose, you fuckin' drunk bastard
Here, take your keys, go cruisin' up Gratiot
I hate you guys, you ain't my friends
Look what you just did to my mom's eight-by-tens
Now she's gonna blame me, I hope you're happy now
Party's over, everybody get your asses out
Out, I said out
Put that beer down, out
[Chorus]
Get me drunk, let me go and get me high tonight
Jimmy, don't, Jimmy don't let me die tonight
Get me home, Jimmy, don't let me drive tonight
I just wanna get blown with Brian and Mike
Get me drunk, let me go and get me high tonight
Jimmy, don't, Jimmy don't let me die tonight
Get me home, Jimmy, don't let me drive tonight
I just wanna get blown with Brian and Mike

[Post-Chorus]
(Chicka) Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky and Mike
(Chicka) Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky and Mike
(Ch-chicka) Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky and Mike
Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky and Mike
[Intro: Frogg]

Whoah!
A get your hands in the air, and get to clappin 'em
and like, back and forth because ah
this is.. what you thought it wasn't
It beez.. the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G *coughing in background*
And check out the man he goes by the name of er...

[Verse One: Eminem]

Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M80, you Lil' like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin, Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gonna sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin out in the open
I'm doin acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet cause I'm comin up quick to strip your cash
Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass
Bitch, I'm comin out swingin, so fast it'll make your eyes spin
You gettin knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The +Proof+ is in the puddin, just ask the Deshaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus:]

So when you see me on your block with two glocks
Screamin _Fuck the World_ like Tupac
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
Talkin that shit behind my back, dirty mackin
tellin your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!
But see me on the street and duck
Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed
Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!

[Verse Two: Eminem]

I'm Nicer than Pete, but I'm on a Serch to crush a Miilkbone
I'm Everlast-ing, I melt Vanilla Ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin
Flavor with no seasonin, this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is a lyrical combat, gentlemen hold your pistols
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials (Bye-bye!)
Extortion, snortin, supportin abortion
Pathological liar, blowin shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin your dead body inside of a fuckin trash can
With more holes than an Afghan

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Eminem]

Somebody let me out this limousine (hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon, on stage screamin like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin up while this record is spinnin
Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin the jewel, I'm flippin the sacred treasure
I'll bite your motherfuckin style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin bosses bitchin while I'm washin dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin a headrush
Doin too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again
I'm goin up over the curb, drivin on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus]

[Outro: Eminem]

Hey, fuck that!
Outsidaz..
Pace One..
Young Zee..
Down Down Down, Down Down Down,Down Down Down Down OK
Guess whose back, back again, Shady's back, tell a friend.
Now everyone report to the dance floor, to the dance floor, to the dance floor,
now everyone report to the dance floor, Alright stop, pajama time!


[Verse 1]

Come here little kiddies, on my lap
Guess who's back with a brand new rap
And I don't mean rap as in a new case
Of child molestation accusations (aahhhhh!)
No worries
Papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise
I done touched on everything, but little boys
And that's not a stab at Michael, that's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho, I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes.
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down touch your toes and just glide
Up the center of the dance floor like Tee Pee for my bung hole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know. Who'd hear it? Give a little poot poot it's ok (pppptttt)
Ooops my cd just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip.


[Chorus]

Now I'm gonna make you dance it's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Ooops I mean girl, girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world. Alright now lose it (aahhhhh!)
Just lose it (aahhhhh!)
Go crazy (aahhhhh!)
Oh baby (aahhhhh!)
Oh baby (aahhhhh!) baby


[Bridge]

Well, it's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way till Sunday
Maybe till Monday I dunno what day
Every day's just a holiday.
Crusin' down the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy
Let with the top down and my hair blow
I don't know where I'm goin'
All I know is when I get there someone's gonna touch my body.


[Verse 2]

Scuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work.
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair?
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? Yeah.
Now what's your name girl, what's your sign?
(Dr.Dre) Man you must be up out your mind.
Dre, aahhhh beer goggles blind, I'm just tryin' to unwind
Now I'm...


[Chorus]

Now I'm gonna make you dance it's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Ooops I mean girl, girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world. Alright now lose it (aahhhhh!)
Just lose it (aahhhhh!)
Go crazy (aahhhhh!)
Oh baby (aahhhhh!)
Oh baby (aahhhhh!) baby


[Bridge]

Well it's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened.
They say I was runnin' butt naked down the streets screamin' (aahhhhh!)
You're honor I'm sorry I don't remember
All I know is this much, Im not guilty
They said save it boy we've got you on tape yellin' at an old lady to touch my body.


[Verse 3]

Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It get's real intense, noone makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves.
Now snap back to reality, look it's B Rabbit.
Yo, you sign me up to battle? I'm a grown man
Chubby chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chubby
I don't have any line to go right here so chuba telatubby.
Fella's (what?) fellas, grab your left nut make your right one jealous. (what?)
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls, tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls.
Everyone report to the dance floor, it's your chance for
a little romance or
butt squeezin' it's the season just go aaahhhh it's so appeasin'.


[Chorus]

Now I'm gonna make you dance it's your chance
Yeah boy shake that ass
Ooops I mean girl, girl girl girl
Girl you know you're my world. Alright now lose it (aahhhhh!)
Just lose it (aahhhhh!)
Go crazy (aahhhhh!)
Oh baby (aahhhhh!)
Oh baby (aahhhhh!) baby


Mmmmm... Touch my body...
Mmmmm... Touch my body...
Oooh, boy touch my body I mean girl touch my body
Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk...
Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town

[Proof]
....Then You get done up in chalk
Yo....

[Eminem]
We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ?
Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady....
You can hold my nuts steady and then....
I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl...
If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody...
That means... you, her or him
It doesnt matter cuz I'm Eminem
And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim

[Proof]
Ha ha....don't stop
D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top
We get in that ass Preparation-H style
Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!)
Everybody tryina tell us to wait now
You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown (hahaha)
Tryin to dance around
How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now
Sever your style .. Divide and Parish
Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this...
Wassup to Bizzare Kid
Targets get hit and liftoff
Here it is we bout to rip off
Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot
Emzy...

[Eminem]
Speakin of lift off....
I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off
Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny
That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning
Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley...
The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly
Couldnt remember it cuz I was Infinite
And I met ken Kaniff in Connecticut
He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down
And he said I like you...and then he walked up and said let me snake bite
you
And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe...
Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go....

[Proof]
Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2
What you wanna get done to...
Your chest plate...eradicate
Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is...
Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit
Y'all like to bite shit...that why street light up when we write stuff
It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12
1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big proof
Knockin over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya
A massacre creator, one time for data
Darker than Vader...go anybody hot as the equator
It's time to get down one time for those that dont know us
Girls wanna blow us like Monica....Lewinsky
Come against me...

[Eminem]
Go and see I'm an invincible Mc
If you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me
That you're doper than me...which we'll hope
You would hope to be....but hopefully I will rock globaly
And nationwide...thats why my ass is wide
Thats why your ass just died on the passanger side...
Like a fuckin ride...when it got shot up by a drive by
When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries
And still missed it
I got a fuckin mental illness a gentle stillness...
Violence...complete silence is what I need in the room while I freestyle
What I need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew
And......smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew...
If you do I'll choke you and then I garauntee I'll out smoke you
You're crew's a joke too and i can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you....

[Proof]
Stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock
Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock)
Get..(get) yeah we come to rock....(it)
So don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....(shit)
Now how you feel right now we bust yo..op....(tic)....(tock)
We lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock
The dirty dozen is non-stop..
To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks
And men with pre-ops
Yo now there is 3-Pac's
Master P....Thug Life and now it's 2pac
Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped...

[Eminem]
The rhyme that I dropped is stickin up IHOP
In high tops and walking around like a one eyed Cyclops
And you can't see me....I only got one eye and I can still see you
You can even give it a dumb try...If you're a dumb guy then come try this
But I rock the microphone with my flyness
So get off my jock..get of my cock..when I sky rock ...it in sky
rock..shit...bitch

[Proof]
Ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gona be better or
failrues
But me or slim yo you cant tell me...
You try to freestyle son we gon put these verses on your Lp
Slow down with that old stuff....I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def

[Eminem]
My Lp...my whole Lp...tha last one was screaming help me
You couldnt melt me if you was Vanilla Ice...Yo guess what....
My Nuuuuuuuuutz
Here I go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear
it tho
I rickety rock the micrphone
Don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...I knew it
I take a beat and loop it...i take a beat and troop it
What the fuck did that mean...I dont know but i got phat jeans on
And I already said that but I dont know where my head's at
All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at

[Proof]
yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch Ease
Y'all dont want none of tha dirty Deez
>From the 3-1 its for the three of thirds
One third Mc yo we smoke y'all like herbs
Under the curb early morn take it to born
Y'all get broke up...put back together ...re-enacment
Some times you see this...you just a faggot
No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart

[Eminem]
Faggot....uh oh...was that homophobic...
But no one knows it...and I'm so homophobic
I wont even throw clothes in the Closet
Fuck it...I've lost it....I'm holocausted...see my face it's written all
acrossed it
This beer makes me wanna disappear this year
I'm so high I'm bout to die...and I'm so tired I'm bout to fry
You're so fired you're down

[Proof]
Hey....it's me...it's the hamster man...
Coming all the way from Amsterdam....
And I come to tell you all a little secret.....
So you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers
{mumbling}

[Eminem]
Quit spittin your writ shit bitch I'll kill you and kick you
In your motherfuckin dick and your clit...you little pussy
Hermaphardite with no apettite
And you aint rappin right but you was taking rapid bites
Of my dick when you was on it...my brain is haunted
I walk up in a place in a t shirt wit my stains on it
But i dont give a damn...give a fuck...give a shit...give a hell
give a piss give a dick give a lick

[Proof]
Yea....live and direct it's us
You better back up...

[Eminem]
You better back up before I jack off
Back off before I jack off

[Proof]
You better back off before he jack off (laughing)
You better back off before I jack off

[Eminem]
Colder than Jack Frost...smack you across your face
While I'm still jackin off
Sittin in the closet beatin my shit
Aint got nuttin else to do cuz I'm thinkin of a bitch
Wait a minute ...oh shit she's here...
Look who walked in the door....come in it's Britney Spears
(Ken Kaniff)
Oh....come here little girl
come here little girl

[Eminem]
What happened? (I dunno)
We stopped rappin (Oh it's Clappin)
Gun clappin...and all I need is one napkin to wipe the cum off
When I come off with the drum off
Whatever the hell that meant...but I can still speak wit a accent
A french accent Excuse my french but
Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch

[Proof]
Bonjuor...I'm here with the cure...Oh yea lets rock it for the drawer
Hey Em...how you doin this is me...The Em jock...get off my...
Damn cock .....laughing....

[Eminem]
Yo while you're spraying verbs...you aint even fuckin saying words
(THuuuG) Pronounce your words right...and you can ride around curbs
And bounce your hebrs tight
What the fuck ?
Yo put another beat on before you get peed on
Hi...Hi.... My name is ...my name is...my name is...
Slim Shady...Slim Shady...Bitch you're little just like that Kim lady
And I'm in sky rock radio...the shadiest bro on the radio
But you dont hear me tho.....
[Chorus]
Just the two of us.. (8X)

[Eminem]
Baby your da-da loves you (hey)
And I'ma always be here for you (hey)
no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world I would never give you up for nothin
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you
C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let da-da strap you in the car seat
Oh where's mama?
She's takin a little nap in the trunk
Oh that smell (whew!) da-da musta runned over a skunk
Now I know what you're thinkin - it's kind of late to go swimmin
But you know your mama, she's one of those type of women that do crazy things,
And if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit
Don't play with da-da's toy knife, honey, let go of it (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin bashful?
Don't you wanna help da-da build a sand castle? (yeah!)
And mama said she wants to show how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch - it don't hurt, her was eatin dinner
Wwhile you were sweepin and spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy isn't she?
We'll let her wash off in the water and me
And you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

[Chorus]
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
And when we ride!
Just the two of us.. (2X)
Just you and I!

[Eminem}
See honey.. there's a place called heaven and a place called hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And da-da's probably on his way to all of em except one
Cause mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough to understand a little better
I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say mama was real real bad
She was bein mean to dad and made him real real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out
Sit back in your chair honey, quit tryin to climb out (WAHH!)
I told you it's okay HaiHai, wanna ba-ba?
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make goo-goo ca-ca?
Da-da change your dia-dee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
Ninety-seven Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter

[Chorus]

[Eminem]

Wake up sweepy head we're here, before we pway
We're gonna take mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin in her ear (ma-maa!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Da-da made a nice bed for mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help da-da tie a rope around this rock? (yeah!)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free..
One.. two.. free.. WHEEEEEE! (whoooooshhhhh)
There goes mama, spwashin in the wa-ta
No more fightin wit dad, no more restraining order
No more step-da-da, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell mama you love her (mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help dad with two more things out the trunk

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Just me and you baby is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your da-da will always be there for you
Your da-da's always gonna love you
Remember that If you ever need me
I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ask
Da-da will be right there
Your da-da loves you
I love you baby
[Intro]
Okay, how do I say this? (fack, fack, fack)
Last year didn't work out so well for me (fack, fack, fack) (fack last year)
2018, welp (fack, fack)

[Verse 1]
Yeah, I'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything
You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing
I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert
Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bedsheet and the comforter
Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass
I'll ride through your cul-de-sac
Window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks
You collab on a referent rap, I have never said his raps
Overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap and ruined your welcome mat
So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it
While I T-bagged the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it
Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment
Headed right at opponents and I am the fucking pilot that flown it
I'm 'bout to

[Chorus]
Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all should've let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

[Verse 2]
I turned on rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't
From the moment I heard rap was cussin', I was in
Which is why I identify with the guy
Who I was invented by, Dre's Frankenstein
Energized like a nine volt, ice cold
Like Snake Eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll
But if the only reason I blow is 'cause I'm white though
Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (ooh)
Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note
Here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me
'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes
'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone
I don't think this typhoon's letting up any time soon, here I go
Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout to

[Chorus]
Smash into everyone, crash into everything
Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna
Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15
Damage already done, y'all should've let me be
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
Fack, fack on everyone
I'm a Kamikaze, gonna

[Bridge]
Smash
Kamikaze, kamikaze
Kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze
Look at what I've done

[Verse 3]
I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing
There is no way we ever hear that shit again, I guarantee
That way, that shit was so ass, it's something we wouldn't dare re-air it
Shit's embarrassing, as me rear-ending Tara Reid bare
In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher
Each nut is the chair with [the Bernanke one stale?], beware of me
Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared
Richard Ramirez is here
Serial killin' every beat there is, it

[Outro]
Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin', somethin' evil is lurkin'
I'm no conspiracy theorist but somethin' here is afoot
Oh yeah, it's my dick
Get the measurement stick (what?)
Twelve inches of wood
Wait, but I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G Duck Alert
And I've come to pay respects 'cause if you sleep, you're fucked
Other words, you get laid to rest
And I hope your butt is hurt
Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book
You got some views, but you're still below me
Mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked
And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook
And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth
And you know I've always spoke the truth
You lyin' through your teeth so much, you broke a tooth
And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do
When I say I can't wait 'til I get ahold of you
And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do
Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot
Ken Kaniff: I'm gonna call this motherfucker.
Oh fuck yeah.
Give him a piece of mind. A piece of my ass.

Operator: Thank you for waiting. Hello, may I help you.

Ken Kaniff: Oh thank you. I need to make a collect call.

Operator:What number?

Ken Kaniff: Oh the number is **6-2***

Operator: At the tone, please say your name.

Ken Kaniff: Kenneth Kaniff, from Connecticut. Automated piece of shit.

Eminem: Yo.

Ken Kanif: Hey there, cock boy.

Eminem: Who's this?

Ken Kaniff: This is Ken Kaniff.

Eminem: Who?

Ken Kaniff: Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, you little bitch.

Eminem: From Connecticut? I don't know nobody in Connecticut.

Ken Kaniff: Yeah, you wanna get a hotel room with me?

Eminem: A hotel room?

Ken Kaniff: Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, Eminem?

Eminem: Yo, who is this, K?

Ken Kaniff: You want me to fuckin melt in your mouth and not in your hand?
Melt in your ass you little cock boy.

Eminem: Yo, shut up you little bitch.

Ken Kaniff: Oh, you think I'm lying huh...

Eminem: Hahahahahaha
Ha ha, hol' up
What is that? Oh

Is that a key in my pocket?
Or am I just happy to see
The hot chicks that are here for me and only me
'Cause I am the cause, the cause meaning cousin
Meaning stemming back to bro
'Cause bro and the dude, and the dude gets all the chicks
Chicks, is all that thine getteth
'Cause that's all I needeth is the chickeths
The chickadees runningeth about
And you'd be lucky to get my seconds
Leftover hot chicks

Ha ha ha
Fuckin' stupid

~
(Teacher
Sings)
And everyone should get along..
Ok children quiet down, quiet down
Children I'd like to introduce your new substitute teacher for
the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children quite down please
Brian don't throw that.. (SHUT UP!)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute while Mr. Kaniff is out
with limonia
(HE'S GOT AIDS!)
Good luck Mr. Shady...

(Verse 1-Eminem)
Hi there little boys and girls (FUCK YOU!)
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say Hi Bob, ("Hi Bob")
Bob's 30 and still lives with his Mom and he don't got a job
Cause Bob just sits at home and smokes pot
With his 12 year old brother looks up to him off a lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
And wait in the parkin' lot for waitresses off the clock
When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his
dog
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping block (AHH!)
And even if they escaped and they got the cops
The ladies would be so afraid, they would drop the charge
Till one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
When she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy, a novice rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's and get Bob a "Dr"
He grabbed Stace by the legs, he chopped it off her
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off the wander
They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana
And what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you

(Chorus)
See children, drugs are bad (c'mon)
And If you don't believe me, ask ya Dad (ask him, man)
And If you don't believe him, ask ya Mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)
And there's really nothing else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad mmm k...

(Verse 2-Eminem)

My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?
Fuck no you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?)
Speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids 2 hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in ya back
Meet Zach, 21 years old
After hangin' out with some friends at a frat party
He gets bold, and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five
guys
And peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly, he starts to convulse
And his pulse goes into hyperdrive, and his eyes roll back in his
skull (blblblblblb)
And his back starts ta...look like the McDonald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin'[bleh]
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him"
'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing
Except maybe wasting his money
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over
And his back and his shoulders, hunched up as if he's
practicin' yoga
And that's the story of Zach, ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels, class, 'cause it's bad for
you

(Repeat chorus)

(Verse 3-Eminem)

And last but not least,
One of the most humungous problems among young people today is
fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off, bag it
up,
and you put it right in ya mouth and chew it...Yum Yum
Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em...
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?)
Like fat woman in g-strings with orange hair
(Mr. Shady what's a g-string?)
It's yarn, Claire
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?)
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms?
I meant fungus
Ya tongue gets all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
Cause it comes from a cow's dump (Oh)
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But ya mom and dad know that's all I'm good at (oh)
But don't be me, cause if ya grow up and ya go and OD
They're gonna come for me and I'm a have to grow a goatee
And get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 'cause I'm bad for
you

(Repeat chorus)

(Teacher & Classmates)
Come on, children, clap along (SHUT UP!)
Sing along children (SUCK MY MOTHERFUCKIN' DICK!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (SOUTH PARK IS GONNA SUE ME)
So don't do drugs ( suck my motherfuckin' penis!)
So there'll be more for me (Hippie! Goddamnit!)
(MUSHROOMS KILLED
KENNY)
[fart] Ewww, ahhh!
(So fucked up right now...)
la la la la!
[Eminem]
When I was just a little baby boy,
my momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man,
she used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
and I realized, she was the crazy one
But there was nothin I could do or say to try to change it
cause that's just the way she was

They said I can't rap about bein broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
(AHHH!) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more?!
(AHHH!) These motherfuckers are thinkin I'm playin
Thinkin I'm sayin the shit cause I'm thinkin it just to be sayin it
(AHHH!) Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'ma pull +YOU+ to this bullet, and put it through you
(AHHH!) Shut up slut, you're causin too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay Ma?
"Oh, now he's raping his own mother, abusing a whore,
snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?"
You god damn right BITCH, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
vain Vicadin, vrinnn Vrinnn, VRINNN! [*chainsaw revs up*]
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
danglin from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

[Chorus: Eminem]

Bitch I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither - you ain't nuttin but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead
for poppin off at the mouth with shit I shouldn'ta said
But when they kill me - I'm bringin the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nuttin but a girl to me
.. I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (cause why?)
Cause Shady, will fuckin kill you (ah-haha)
I said you don't, wanna fuck with Shady (why?)
Cause Shady, will fuckin kill you..

[Eminem]
Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
in a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Buck with me, I been through hell, shut the hell up!
I'm tryin to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
WHOOPS! Is that a subliminal hint? NO!
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? NO! Eminem insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
to do it again, THEN, if he does it again
you'll probably end up jumpin out of somethin up on the 10th
(Ahhhhhhhh!) Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times
in a tub but that's normal ain't it Norman?
Serial killer hidin murder material
in a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in

[Chorus (first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!")]

[Eminem]
Eh-heh, know why I say these things?
Cause lady's screams keep creepin in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
this eighty G's a week to say the same things TWEECE!
TWICE? Whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots! I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
just to argue with 'em cause their ratings stink?
FUCK THAT! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
from fat bitch to off seventy-thousand pounds of her
from principal to the student body and counselor
from in-school to before school to out of school
I don't even believe in breathin I'm leavin air in your lungs
just to hear you keep screamin for me to seep it
OKAY, I'M READY TO GO PLAY
I GOT THE MACHETE FROM O.J.
I'M READY TO MAKE EVERYONE'S THROATS ACHE
You faggots keep eggin me on
til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop?
SHUT UP! Give me your hands and feet
I said SHUT UP when I'm talkin to you
YOU HEAR ME? ANSWER ME!

[Chorus]
[first line starts "Or I'ma kill you!", ninth line starts "Bitch I'ma kill you!"]

[Eminem]
Hahaha, I'm just playin ladies
You know I love you
[Intro]
(Killer)
Yeah, it's crazy, I'm a (Killer)
Made all this money from doin' this
(D.A. got that dope)

[Chorus]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me

[Verse 1]
That's what I do with money, got money up the ass
Call it toilet paper, yeah, flush with cash
Girl, nice butt, is it up for grabs?
Just wanna touch your ass, is that too much to ask? Yeah
I made a grip, I know it's tough to grasp, get the bag
Call it potato chips, I stuff in duffel bags
On some public transportation shit, 'cause I will bus' your ass
Fuck the chain, I'm off the trailer hitch, I got a bunch of swag

[Chorus]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me
Yeah, I'm a (Killer)
[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, I'm a (What?), I'm a (What?), I'm a (Killer)
Yeah, look, yeah

[Verse 2]
My income is all that and then some
Girl, your man is nincompoop, a symptom
Of a simp 'cause he'll spend some loot to get some
As for me, I'm the Kim Jong-Un of pimps, hon' (Haha)
Swag dripping, I'm in a pub
Went up to this chick who was so tipsy, we went to hug
Ended up tripping, I picked her up
She yelled out it's her birthday
She's fifty and in the club
Then it comes on (Yeah), that "In da Club" song (Yeah)
She's a buzzsaw (What?), we're goin' numbskull (Uh)
I live on the edge (Haha), she's a jump off (Yeah)
Call her Cinderella (Why?), she loves balls (Oh)

[Chorus]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me
Yeah, I'm a (Killer)
[Verse 3]
Attack like the Ripper
All over the track doin' laps like a stripper
Now (Now), now (Now), w— wow (Wow) look out (Out)
Rap circles around ('Round) clowns, surround sound (Sound)
John Rambo's back and my ammo's stacked
And I'm cocking raps, I'm on your head
Other words, I'm stocking caps and I'm talking facts (Fax)
Like OfficeMax
Never down, I'll be up like an insomniac
Girl, I got racks you got a rack
How you got all that back and no body fat
I'm in awe with that
When I stopped the Pontiac at the laundromat that I saw you at
You almost had a heart attack, went into cardiac
You ran inside and told your boyfriend like, "I'll be back"
But for all you knew I probably act like I'm Daniel Wozniak
I'm a psycho-pa-pathic killer
I'm a cap peeler, caterpillar
With the botanic of bananas
You never heard better vernacular
Comin' after your scapula
For the lack of a better word, Dracula
'Cause I'm attackin' a rapper at the phrenic nerves
I'm a savage, back to put the dagger in the back of competitors
Predator and scavenger
I am a carnivore and a baller, you're at the dollar store
What the fuck you got a wallet for? Y'all are poor
I was livin' in squalor but, uh-uh, not no more
Now I'm the one they holla for
Fuckin' shit up like a dinosaur in a China store
Bitch, I'm number five (What?) minus four (Haha)
[Chorus]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me
Yeah, I'm a (Killer)

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, I'm a (What?), I'm a (What?), I'm a (Killer)
Yeah
[Intro: Eminem & Jack Harlow]
(Killer) Yeah
I'm a (Boy's crazy), I'm a cold-blooded (Killer)
Made all this money from doin' this (Yeah, look)
​d.a. got that dope

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it, swag drip—

[Verse 1: Jack Harlow]
I used to rock a toboggan
Headphones around my neck, tryna be like Shady
Now the phone that's in my pocket seem to keep vibratin'
I got all these Ronnie Bennetts tryna be my baby
Tryna fiancé me
I take the steering wheel and drive them girls beyond crazy (Crazy)
I'm on a song with my idol
I'm a cold-blooded version of the song title
I put these diamonds in the ring like they was Shawn Michaels
I can't put the Louis V inside the wash cycle
I take this shit to the cleaners
'Bout to cop me a Bimmer, I got a special demeanor
She was mine when I seen her, I'm gettin' meaner and meaner
Called the front desk and asked for a steamer
I'm a bitch bagger, not a Twitch streamer
I'm eatin' pizza in Little Italy, damn, I used to hit Caesars
She 'bout to finish, but wait a minute, it gets deeper
Same kid just a bit sleeker

[Chorus: Eminem & Cordae]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it (Listen, uh)

[Verse 2: Cordae]
They say my killing's horrendous, "How he still in the business?"
Rich as hell and it's feelin' tremendous
Ma dukes chillin' in Venice, compliments of her eldest, the cynic
Give hell with these writtens, this shit only propel my ascension
I held my position in any situation that's needed
This year I'm shittin' on niggas for the way we was treated
I see the impact of all my creations increasin'
My step in time with these Pantheons, it all was divine
I'm in this moment of my life where shit is fallin' in line
And lookin' back, I swear to god, you'd think it all was designed
A true movie script, I can't really ever fuck no groupie bitch
All she got is diamonds on her mind on some Uzi shit
A whole generation of geniuses I'm influencin'
I only hang with real niggas who I'm congruent with
I manifest nothing less than the best outcome
Just watch my moves with this next album, nigga

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me

[Verse 3: Eminem]
My sentences are harsh, every single's bar's like a verdict
I say it with conviction, but this time you're not gonna serve it
But as soon as I read it, you know that you're about to get murdered
When I cap, it'll punish, then put you in a box like a juror
If there's a rapper I haven't ate (Where?)
We ain't battled, either that or they won't collaborate
'Cause pad or paper freestyle will settle that debate (Yup)
I call it guillotine style 'cause even off the head, I decapitate
Yeah, bitch, I go harder than Carter III (What?)
But I think your thottie just thought of me
She got a body and bottom like Cardi B
And she be stalking me like I was broccoli
I'm getting brain now like a lobotomy
You probably thinkin' you had that shit in the bag like it's colostomy
It's a red alert, you better skrrt or try to get on my level first
Bitch, I'd had to shovel dirt and dig a hole to get on yours
You bum-bum, look at your broke ass (Yeah)
It's why you're a bum-bum (Why?) 'cause your shit is so ass (Yeah)
Syllable gun-guns, spits and goes "Hadoo"
Only L that I ever took was when I lost Proof (Yeah)
Only time that I ever got served is that lawsuit when Ma sued (What?)
But, bitch, get out of pocket and I might accost you (Accost you)
Homicides up the wazoo
(Chain) Chain gaudy, probably got more bodi-odi-odies than John do (John do)
Just called Snoop and I talked to him, we all cool
Dre, me and the Dogg good, Doc, we got you
Got a castle with a solid gold floor
No I don't, I don't even got a boat nor
Do I got a chauffeur, but a lot to show for
You don't wanna fuck around and start no war
Twenty more years, I could probably go for
Just like your lip and you got a cold sore
My shit is like motherfuckin' herpes
You ain't ever gonna say I don't got it no more (Bitch)
Literally it's stupidity, you kiddin' me?
Dying laughing is the only way you're killing me
I'm getting rid of ya, get clapped like chlamydia
The wittiest, bitch, I'll snap like a tibia
You wanna get silly with the bars? I'm frivolous
But I'm as gritty and litty as my city is
East side 'til I die, bitch, I will rep 'til the end like a chameleon
Got a killer instinct with the pen's ink and they're in sync like a faucet
How the fuck do I even think of this ridiculous shit?
I'm a quarter of a century deep and I can't be beat (Nah)
'Til the day me and the grim reap meet, I'm ten toes down 'til I'm six feet deep (What?)
Windows down in the Benz E jeep hollerin' at a bimbo, beep-beep-beep
She said she fucks with the M-T-B to the M-B: Side B Slim CD
I can see why you envy me, you get no ass like an empty seat
So this shit comes with a warning for all you punks and you corny
Little fucks, I woke up on my fuck shit this morning

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty
Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money
Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny
Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me

[Outro: Eminem & Jack Harlow]
Yeah, I'm a (Killer)
Yeah, I'm a what, I'm a cold-blooded (Killer)
[Intro]
You sound like a bitch, bitch
Shut the fuck up
When your fans become your haters
You done?
Fuckin' beard's weird
Alright
You yellin' at the mic, fuckin' weird beard (You want smoke)
We doin' this once
You yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird
Why you yell at the mic? (Illa)

Rihanna just hit me on a text
Last night I left hickeys on her neck
Wait, you just dissed me? I'm perplexed
Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next
Damn, I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack
Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack
Realized I forgot to call you back
Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap
Stan, Stan, son
Listen, man, Dad isn't mad
But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun
And have a man-bun?
The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable
Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked
Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me
I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze
Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo!"
So before you die let's see who can out-petty who
With your corny lines ("Slim, you're old")—ow, Kelly, ooh
But I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you
By 29, I had three albums that had blew
Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do
Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food
But you're a fuckin' mole hill
Now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo!
Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow
Gunner? Bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow
Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (Brrt)
Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (Hold up)
Are you eating cereal or oatmeal?
What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios?
'Cause I'm takin' a shit in 'em, Kelly, I need reading material
…Dictionary…
"Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked
Go back to Recovery," oh shoot, that was three albums ago
What do you know? Oops
Know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof
Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in '02
To burn it in front of you, ho
Younger me? No, you the wack me, it's funny but so true
I'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you
'Til I'm hitting old age
Still can fill a whole page with a 10-year-old's rage
Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play
Feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay
Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day
Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave
Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat
You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay
Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow
Kelly, they'll be putting your name
Next to Ja, next to Benzino—die, motherfucker!
Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain
Alien brain, you Satanist (Yeah)
My biggest flops are your greatest hits
The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks
So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss
Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (The fuck?)
Bein' rich-shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait
In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name
Now I gotta cock back, aim
Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (Pop)
It's your moment
This is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it
Had to give you a career to destroy it
Lethal injection
Go to sleep six feet deep, I'll give you a B for the effort
But if I was three-foot-eleven
You'd look up to me, and for the record
You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second
Lick a ballsack to get on my channel
Give your life to be as solidified
This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets
So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's out of ammo?
Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper
How the fuck can him and I battle?
He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel
I'll give him my sandals
'Cause he knows, long as I'm Shady he's gon' have to live in my shadow
Exhausting, letting off on my offspring
Lick a gun barrel, bitch, get off me!
You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see
You're fuckin' salty
'Cause Young Gerald's balls-deep inside of Halsey
Your red sweater, your black leather
You dress better, I rap better
That a death threat or a love letter?
Little white toothpick
Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick
Thanks for dissing me
Now I had an excuse on the mic to write "Not Alike"
But really I don't care who's in the right
But you're losin' the fight you picked
Who else want it? Kells—attempt fails! Budden—L's!
Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle
Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still
But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills
But, Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits
That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah!
I'm sick of you bein' wack
And still usin' that mothafuckin' Auto-Tune
So let's talk about it (Let's talk about it)
I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth
Need to get the cock up out it
Before we can even talk about it (Talk about it)
I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings
Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think
That you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
Don't mean you are, and you're not about it
So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it

[Outro]
You fuckin'—oh
And I'm just playin', Diddy
You know I love you
[Eminem]
Aww look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy baby
Little sleepy head

Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you.
How did you get so big?
Can't believe it now your two
Baby you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you

Sit down bitch
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you

[Eminem]
Don't make me wake this baby
She don't need to see what I'm about to do
Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?
How could you?
Just leave me and love him out the blue
Oh, what's a matter Kim?
Am I too loud for you?
Too bad bitch, your gonna finally hear me out this time
At first, I'm like all right
You wanna throw me out? That's fine!
But not for him to take my place, are you out you're mind?
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine!
How could you let him sleep in our bed?
Look at Kim
Look at your husband now!
(No!)
I said look at him!
He ain't so hot now is he?
Little punk!
(Why are you doing this?)
Shut the fuck up!
(You're drunk! You're never going to get away at this!)
You think I give a fuck!
Come on we're going for a ride bitch
(No!)
Sit up front
(Well I can't just leave Haley alone, what if she wakes up?)
We'll be right back
Well I will you'll be in the trunk

Chorus - So long, bitch you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you x2

You really fucked me Kim
You really did a number on me
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then Kim, I was only 18
That was years ago
I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!
(I love you!)
Oh God my brain is racing
(I love you!)
What are you doing?
Change the station I hate this song!
Does this look like a big joke?
(No!)
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat
In your living room, ha-ha
What you think I'm kiddin' you?
You loved him didn't you?
(No!)
Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?
Fuck you asshole, yeah bite me
Kim, KIM!
Why don't you like me?
You think I'm ugly don't you
(It's not that!)
No you think I'm ugly
(Baby)
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me
I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU!
I SWEAR TO GOD I HATE YOU
OH MY GOD I LOVE YOU
How the fuck could you do this to me?
(Sorry!)
How the fuck could you do this to me?

Chorus x2

Come on get out
(I can't I'm scared)
I said get out bitch!
(Let go of my hair, please don't do this baby)
(Please I love you, look we can just take Haley and leave)
Fuck you, you did this to us
You did it, it's your fault
Oh my God I'm crackin' up
Get a grip Marshall
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie
That was funny wasn't it?
(Yes!)
That was funny wasn't it?
(Yes!)
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced
(No!)
And while this is goin' on
His son just woke up and he just walks in
She panics and he gets his throat cut
(Oh my God!)
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I should have known better when you started to act weird
We could've...HEY! Where you going? Get back here!
You can't run from me Kim
It's just us, nobody else!
You're only making this harder on yourself
Ha! Ha! Got'cha!
(Ahh!)
Ha! Go ahead yell!
Here I'll scream with you!
AH SOMEBODY HELP!
Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you?
Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin to you
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO LOVE ME
{*Kim choking*}
NOW BLEED! BITCH BLEED!
BLEED! BITCH BLEED! BLEED!

Chorus x2
[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die

[Verse 1: Eminem (Gwen Stefani)]
I can hear the drummer drumming
And the trumpets, someone's tryna summon someone, I know somethin's coming
But I'm runnin' from it to be standing at the summit
And plummet, how come it wasn't what I thought it was
Was it, too good to be true?
Have nothin', get it all but too much of it
Then lose it again, did I swallow hallucinogens
Cause if not, where the hell did it go?
Cause here I sit in Lucifer’s den by the dutch oven
Just choosing to sin
Even if it means I'm sellin' my soul, just to be the undisputed again
Do whatever I gotta do just to win
Cause I got this motherfuckin' cloud over my head
Crown around it, thorns on it
Cracks in it, bet you morons didn't think I'd be back, did ya?
How 'bout that, I’m somehow now back to the underdog
But no matter how loud that I bark, this sport is somethin' I never bow-out at
I complain about the game, I shout and I pout, it's a love-hate
But I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt
Even when you bitches are countin' me out, and I appear to be down for the count
Only time I ever been out and about
Is drivin' around town with my fuckin' whereabouts in a doubt
Cause I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here but I'm not a quitter
Gotta get up, give it all I got or give up
Spit on, shit on, stepped on, but kept goin'
I'm tryna be headstrong but it feels like I slept on my neck wrong
Cause you're moving onto the next, but is the respect gone?
Cause someone told me that
(Kings never die)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Don't give me that sob story liar, don't preach to the choir
You ain't never even had to reach in the fire to dig deep
Nobody ever handed me shit in life, not even a flyer
Wouldn't even take shit into consideration
Obliterate anyone in the way
I think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features and try to show out on a track with me
But it'd actually have to be a fuckin' blow-out to get me to re-tire
Tell these new artists that kings never die
I know shit has changed in this age, fuck a Twitter page
Did it just say I've been upstaged?
Why am I online? It's driving me crazy
I'm ridin' shotgun tryna get a gauge
On what's hot, but I'm not one to conform
But as days pass in this shit
And opinions sway, I can hear 'em say
If I stay passionate maybe I can stage a miraculous
Comeback as if I went away
But detractors just say so much for the Renegade
Someone's gonna make me blow my composure
Here I go again, center stage and I feel like I'm in a cage
They so want a champion to fall
It's no wonder why I laugh at 'em, cause why can't we win 'em all?
So fuck what these cynics say
(It) just goes ta show that when my back's against the wall
And I'm under a tack again, that I'll act as if I'm 'posed ta
With this pent up rage, cause all these plaques in my office
On the floor stacked against the door
Are they just metaphors for the odds of me comin' back again?
Cause all the accomplishments, accolades, awards
And trophies just don't mean jack anymore
If I'm here today and gone tomorrow
And I'm not gonna be

[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I want it, I'm comin' to get it
So you son of a bitches don't duck you’re gonna get Riddick Bowe’d
Critics'll end up in critical, think your shit is dope all you're gonna get is smoked
And I'm not stopping 'til I'm on top again, all alone and on a throne
Like a token of respect, or a homage poem, or an ode I've been owed
Tossed in the air by my own arm, and launched so hard it broke my collarbone
And when it's my time to go, I'm still not leaving
Stop for no one, I don't know but I've been told an obstacle that
Blocks your road, knock it over, time to go for that pot of gold, cause

[Bridge: Eminem]
They say kings never die
Just ask Jam Master Jay
They just grow wings and they fly
So, hands up, reach for the sky
Try to hold and prolong these moments
Cause in a blink of an eye
They'll be over

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Tryna secure your legacy like Shakur
And ensure nobody's ever gonna be what you were
So before you're leavin' this Earth
You want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral, berserk
Deacon of words, syllable genius at work
Plus I'm thinkin' that they're mistakin' my kindness for weakness, kill 'em with meanness
I went from powdered milk and Farina
To flippin' burgers on the grill for some peanuts
From Gilbert's to arenas, call me Gilbert Arenas, still appeal to the dreamers
I made it to the silverscreen but Rocky's still what the theme is
Khalil on the beat cause makin' the beat ain’t the same feelin' to me as killin' the beat is
Or fulfillin' to me is what fillin' a seat is
It's that "Sound Bombing" Thirstin' Howl
Common, underground, Diamond D, Outsidaz
Stomach growl, throbbin' hunger, out-rhymin' everyone
God just give me one shot, I swear that I won't let you down
I'mma be around forever-and-a-day, even in the ground
You ain't never ever gonna hear 'em say I ain't

[Chorus: Gwen Stefani]
Here to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I close my eyes
Through the passage of time
Kings never die
[Eminem]

I'll leave your blueprints covered in shoe prints
Poppin' Nuprin
Neighborhood nuisance
Murder your family for two cent
Makin' your crew tense
Brain's too dense
Leave the mic with two dents
Fresher than a whole mouth full of chewed mints
Givin' you rude hints
Cause if you're wack I'm gonna tell ya
I got the issue where they diss in next month's Source I'm gonna mail ya
You're a failure
You're style's staler than a bowl of hardened rice
Scared and sliced
I flunked kinder garden twice
But you ain't hard and nice
And you sure ain't servin' no bids
Sayin' you did is like seein' a damn virgin with kids
Creepin' like a phantom
Holdin' my dick like the +Player's Anthem+
Holdin' this microphone for ransom
Bitches ask me why do I talk nasty?
Grab an ass of every trashy whore that walks past me
My crew's on drugs, lookin' like zombies
Smokin' bomb trees
Racin' police and dodge ?

[Royce Da 5'9"]

Lock, cock and explode
Way beyond bitin' a nigga
Get hungry, disconnect my jaw and swallow you whole
I'm probably gonna blow
Go to hell holdin' a mil
Street smart, under educated, over skilled
I'm tight to the vest
You wanna rip me off? Then try
I fight to the death, who wanna piss me off, then die?
Curse niggas that try, I'm the first nigga to bust
You the second nigga to pull, and the first nigga to die
How dare you think that you gleam like the rest of my team
You a bitch, you like a chip off a berget in my ring
Stick to my words, so I don't threaten niggas no more
If I make you a promise, then it's safe to say that it's honest
My guns is tired from being fired
While yours sits on the shelf
I'm like a song concept in itself
Totin' my weapon, burnin' your vest
In '99, wack niggas learn from the best and hope to be second
Nigga
Kool Kid nigga
What?
A.T.L.
What's up, shawty?
N.Y.C.
Yo-yo-yo, kid
D-Town, what up doe?
Toni!

Standin' on the speaker, tall as Burj Khalifa
Powder on the plate that turn your girl into Eureka
Remember, if I don't see it, then I don't believe ya
I done did some pretty dumb things on the tequila
Birthday in Vegas, layin' with my weezy
Asked to invite her friends, she like, "Boy, I don't believe ya"
I'm just tryna live and they turned into evil
My partner is a Crip, the only thing he eat is seafood
School of hard knocks, I can fuck around and teach you (Uh)
License to kill and I just got 'em renewed (Uh)
Spoke to Def Jam and they talkin' 'bout a renote
Spoke to Ghazi, he can pay me in crypto (Yeah)
Bored Ape Yacht Club, yeah, I'm Ricky Steamboat
And you know my vibe, I'm mixin' mine with the pinot
I say scratch that, gone and bring it back like Preemo
I say scratch that, gone and bring it back like Preemo
You know my set, I'm throwin' dollar signs
I lick her neck and turn the body to a water slide
I'm in the bottom of my bag like some hot fries
Toni, Toni, Toni, Toni, Toni, that my top five, shit
Now watch me swaggin' on this beat
Enough to make Rakim proud of me
You got my math and your bitch ass post somethin' negative
You coulda called me
I'm from the dark side, but the whip lightskin
I do what I wanna do like white men
I hit you in the fuckin' head with the mic stand
I fuck my girl in the daytime on a nightstand
You ain't know that, did ya?
Real recognize real and you don't look familiar
I'm from Riverdale Road, we ain't got no river
Got the pole concealed behind the partition, listen
A trap nigga, I perform at bar mitzvah
A trap nigga, I perform at the Crystals
I ain't gon' fight, but I still tote pistols
Ain't gon' kill ya, all I got to do is whistle
Ffff-, damn, I think my whistle off (Off)
They've been plagiarisin', they've been stealin' sauce (Sauce)
Soon as I see 'em, I'ma pick 'em off
I got a beard, but I must ask Ricky Ross (Huh?)
God took his time with me
Kingpins wanna sign with me
Gunshots is truly Atlanta
While things are goin' left like Julius Randle
I got this shit lit, no need for a candle
Just like Kyrie, I got this shit handled (Yeah)
Just like Kyrie, I got this shit handled (Ayo)

Walkin' around your party, like where the party at? (Yo, where the party at?)
Yeah, Bacardí and 'Gnac could lead to a cardiac
But I'm drunk and I give a fuck, like how Cardi act (Cardi)
I'm already back, I just had to run to my car to yack
Headache, an Aleve, I'ma need eight of 'em (Woah)
For pete's sake, I've been steppin' on leaf rakes again (Ow)
I keep wakin' up in the bed with complete strangers (The fuck are you?)
And I eat prazosin, get more chicks than Pete Davidson (Woah)
Man, I can't help it, I'm me (No), I got the devil in me (Yup)
Let me put it more delicately (Here)
Fuck your feelings, I'm a felon, pussy, you're jealous of me
Prolly 'cause my cerebellum's a parabellum, pussy
Even if I swear to celibacy, I'd still be like a female that's hooking (Why?)
Ain't shit you can do to stop me from sellin', pussy (Oh)
Yeah, warped mind, your rhymes
Are so fuckin' washed up, I call 'em shorelines (Woo)
But as long as a nine-year-old's mind is washable
I'ma search 'til I find the most awfullest line as possible (Yeah)
Mind is off, all I need is a small little pint of vodka
To be talked into tryna walk up inside of a Shriner's hospital and [*gunfire*]
They're tryna make Marshall the guy responsible (For what?)
For little Joshua's giant arsenal
Like I'm also the reason his .9 is cocked and he brought his tool
And decides to hide it inside of his locker 'till the next time he's picked on at school
But you're out of your gourd if you're thinkin' that I ain't killin' this beat
I'm not even forcin' myself to vomit, but if I had a fuckin' eating disorder
Or anorexia, believe me, I couldn't body this more for ya (Yeah)
Man, I'm beyond childish (Bitch)
When I'm on Valiums (Yeah) just like mom downs 'em
They call it Munchausen (Why?)
'Cause she hands me some (Here)
Then says, "C'mon, chow, son (Chow, son)
These are non-drowsen (Uhh?)
I mean non-drowsy (Right), but they'll help you calm down some"
So, before I zonk out, I'm tryna make Rob proud
I'm hopin' this song riles him
I pop like nine thousand, I'm outy, five-thousand (Oh)
Hold up (One more thing)
Spit syllables on the mic in the booth
Like I'm at Drew's, even if I win or lose
I'm in the news, even my interviews (Yeah)
Get like five million views, I get accused
Of misogyny because I will massage any bitch just like a masseuse
Mixin' NyQuil and booze, Heineken brews
Hide 'em inside of my shoes, ah (Sike; what the fuck?)
I'm just playin' (Fuckin' mumble rap)
[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah (I knew this day was coming)
Sometimes, you gotta come back down (It's all going to hell now, man)
Stoop to someone's level (Yeah)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Five dozen, flies buzzin' over your head
Call me the Grim Reaper, sleep is my cousin
You dead to me now and I'ma be the last face you see
'Fore you die cussin'
My eye a tiger's and I'm a survivor so I will rise up and (What?)
Be triumphant 'cause when I'm looking at my legacy (Leg, I see)
Bunch of dogs gonna tryna dry hump it
Like Triumph The Puppet, so I'm like, "Fuck it"
Pile the carnage up 'til it's so high, it's touching the sky
Let 'em all line up and attack
Single filing up in the stack
Call 'em toy soldiers (Yeah)
'Cause they just wind up on their backs
Now the sky's nothing but black
But I am not coming back, I done told ya
I told the woke me to go to sleep
But still, they keep on provoking me
They're hoping to see me completely broken emotionally
But how in the fuck am I not supposed to be woke
When these fuckers just keep poking me? Now

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
I'm leaving Heaven
I'm leaving Heaven
Angels won't find me
Where are you going?

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I've been down, kicked
Like around six thousand times since I was a kid
As a child, picked on, clowned, been
Countless times I've been outed
Gotta remind myself of it every now and then (Yeah)
So the route I went's self-empowerment
In a hole, taught myself how to get out of it
And balance it with talents, wit
'Cause life is like a penny (Life is like a penny)
'Cause it's only one percent
Who overcome the shit they've underwent
I went AWOL like what my back was up against
Don't tell me 'bout struggle, bitch, I lived it
I was five or six the first time I got my hind end kicked
Malcolm, Isaac, and Boogie jumped me and took my tricycle
And I don't know if I would call that white privilege, yeah
But I get it, how it feels to be judged by pigment
Besides getting it from both sides of the tracks
But I swore I'd get them back
Even if it meant selling my soul to get my revenge and (What?)
Thought of a scheme and it got me to thinking
If I can believe in myself, I could prolly achieve it
That’s part of the reason I do all my talking when He can
And as long as I'm breathing, I vow to smother and beat them
My god, what a heart of a demon, go at 'em and I'ma get even
Like I'm in the Garden of Eden, I'm 'bout to go off of the deep end
This evil is calling, I'm already seething and

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
I'm leaving Heaven
I'm leaving Heaven
Angels won't find me
Where are you going?

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Okay, so while Macklemore was keeping his room nice and neat (Yeah)
I was getting my ass beat twice a week (What?)
Looking for a place for the night where I could sleep
Flippin' sofa cushions over just tryin' to see
If I could find some change and scrape up for a bite to eat
If Denaun and me find a couple dimes a piece
Twenty five cents each'd get us a bag of chips
We'd be glad to get that even we if we had to split
We'd do backward flips, looking back at it
I think that would fit with the definition of not having shit
Couple that with the fact my mother was batshit
Pop was a sack of shit, yeah, he died, but I gave half a shit
Yeah, which brings me back to the dear 'ol dad that I zero had
Since a year-old, forty-seven year-old scab
Just to hear them words, ear piercing
Like my earlobe stabbed with a needle for an earring
Should I feel upset? You were dead to me 'fore you died
Me? Tear no shed
Should I have made a mural at your funeral?
Had your coffin draped with a hero's flag?
Where the fuck you were at
When De'Angelo done hurt me real bad at the Rio Grande?
Never met your grandkids, fucking coward
Only guts you had was from your stomach fat
I couldn't see your ass goin' to Heaven
So I'm asking for a pass to go to Hell
So I can whip your fucking ass
I hate that I'll never get to say "I hate you" to your face
No coming back from where I'm going
Sky is dark, my soul is black, hand on the shovel
Dig with the blade up, and then I step on the metal
Vendetta to settle, tell the Devil

[Chorus: Skylar Grey & Eminem]
I'm leaving Heaven (Yeah)
I'm leaving Heaven (You know, I should dig your motherfucking ass up)
Angels won't find me (Just to spit in your fucking face)
Where are you going? (Holding my baby pictures up like you're proud of me)
I'm leaving heaven (Fuck you, bitch)
I'm leaving heaven (You know what? Maybe if I had had you)
Angels won't find me (I wouldn't have went through half the shit I went through, so I blame you)
Where are you going? (Or maybe I should say, "Thank you")
('Cause I wouldn't have been me, haha)

[Outro: Skylar Grey & Eminem]
So you better, you better run (Yeah)
You better, you better run (So I'ma let it go now, rest in peace)
You better, you better run (Cocksucker, haha)
You better, you better run (See you in Hell)
[Hook]

Tell me where to go, tell me what to do
I’ll be right there for you
Tell me what to say, don’t matter if it’s true
I’ll say it all for you

[Verse 1: Eminem]

I used to be the type of kid that, would always think the sky is fallin'
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in
'Cause I don't belong in this world
That’s why I'm scolfin' at authority defiant often
Flying off at the handle at my mom, no dad
So I’m non-compliant at home, at school I’m just shy and awkward
And I don’t need no god damn psychologist
Tryin' diagnose why I have all these underlyin' problems
Thinking he can try and solve 'em
I’m outside chalkin' up drawings on the sidewalk
And in the front drive talking to myself
Either that or inside hidin' off in the corner somewhere quiet
Trying not to be noticed because I’m cryin' and sobbin'
I had a bad day at school so I ain't talking
Some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin' locker
Because he said that I eyeballed him

[Bridge]

And if you fall, ill get you there
I’ll be your savior from all the wars that are fought inside your world
Please have faith in my words

'Cause… this is my legacy, legacy aahhh
This is my legacy, legacy aahhh
There’s no guarantee, it’s not up to me we can only see
This is my legacy, legacy

[Verse 2: Eminem]

I used to be the type of kid would always think the sky is fallin'
Why am I so differently wired in my noggin?
'Cuz sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind boggling
'Cuz I obsess on everything and my mind it’s small shit
Bothers me but now my father, he said Sayonara,then split
But I don’t give a shit I’m fine long as
There's batteries in my Walkman nothin's the matter with me
Shit look at the bright side at least I ain’t walking
I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment
Complex on a ten speed which I've acquired parts that I
Found in the garbage, a frame and put tires on it
Headphones on I look straight ahead if kids try and start shit,
But if this all there is for me life offers
Why bother even try and put up a fight It's nonsense
But i think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience
What about those rhymes I've been jottin'
They are kinda giving me confidence
Instead of tryina escape through my comics,
Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx
To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that
Say what I wanna say to that kid that said that I eyeballed him
Grab hold of my balls like that's right fight's on bitch
Who would've knew from the moment I turned on the mic
I could be iconic in my conquest 
That's word to phife dawg from a tribe called quest ...

[Bridge]

[Verse 3: Eminem]

I used to be the type of kid that, would always think the sky is falling
Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome
Cause if I wasn't I wouldn't be able to work
Words like this and connect lines like crosswords
And use my enemy's words as strength
To try and draw from, and get inspired off em
Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit
By you wack fucking giant sacks of lying dog shit
Now you shut up bitch I am talking
Thought I was full of horse shit and now
You fucking worship the ground on which I am walking
Me against the world so what? I'm Brian Dawkins
Versus the whole 0 and 16 Lions offense
So bring on the Giants, Falcons and Miami Dolphins
It's the body-bag game bitch I'm supplying coffins
Cause you dicks, butt-kiss, a bunch of Brian Baldingers
Er's gon die a ball licker I've been diabolical
With this dialogue since 99 Rawkus
You don't respect the legacy I leave behind y'all can suck a dick 
The day you beat me pigs'll fly out my ass
In a flying saucer full of Italian sausage
The most high exalting and I ain't hating
Till I die of exhaustion inhale my exhaust fumes
The best part about me is I'm not you, I'm me
And I'm the Fire Marshall and this is my

[Hook]
[Intro]
Yeah
Shout to everybody
Who's been on this trip with me
You don't have to agree
But if you feel like me

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Someone get this Aryan a sheet
Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached
Everybody on your feet
This is where terrorism and heroism meet, square off in the street
This chump barely even sleeps
All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats
While he looks like a canary with a beak
Why you think banned transgenders from the military with a tweet?
He's trying to divide us, this shit's like a cult
But like Johnny, he'll only unite us
'Cuz nothing drives us inside like this fight does
Similar to when two cars collide 'cuz our spirits are crushed
And this spot's a tight one
But here the jaws of life come to pull us from the wreckage
That's what we get pride from
When we can't wear stars and stripes cuz this type of pickle we're in is hard to deal
But there's always tomorrow still
If we start from the scratch like a scab for scars to heal
And band together for Charolettesville
And for Heather, fallen heroes, fill this wall with murals
Nevada get up, hit the damn resetter
Let's start from zero, this is our renewal
Spray tan, get rid of, get a brand new, better
America, and here's to where it all…

[Chorus: Alicia Keys & Eminem]
This is where it all began, all began (stand up!)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!)
Here's to the land that raised me
[There's one that knows me, doesn't really know me?]
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Didn't wanna piss your base off, did ya?
Can't denounce the klan, 'cuz they'd break off with ya
You stay on Twitter, way to get your hate off, Nazi
I do not see a way y'all differ
And all you got are race cards, bigot
The swastika with your name carved in it
Should be your trademark, 'cause hate's all you played off
And you just lick the plate off
So I guess it pays to feed off of chaos
So basically, you ate off Hitler!
But you ain't ruining our country, punk
Or takin' our pride from us, you won't define us
'Cuz like a dictionary, things are looking up
So much, got a sprained neck, 
Know we would rise up
Against this train wreck and take a stand
Even if it means sittin' when they raise the flag
To sing "The Star-Spangled Banner"
This man just praised a statue of General Lee
'Cause he generally hates the black people, degrades hispanics
Take it back to the Shady national convention
Wish I woulda spit on it before I went to shake his hand
At the event or maybe had the wherewithal
To know that he was gonna try to tear apart
Our sacred land we cherish and stand for
So, hands in the air, let's hear it for
The start of a brand new America
Without him and be proud of where we're from
And here's to where we all

[Chorus: Alicia Keys & Eminem]
And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home

[Bridge: Alicia Keys & Eminem]
I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know that I won't give up
I won't give up on my home, that so many died for
You already know
There's no place like home, no place like home
Wherever I go, no place like home
No place like home, no place like home
Wherever I go (yeah)

[Chorus: Alicia Keys & Eminem]
And here's to where we all began, all began (stand up!)
Here's to the land that made me
And made me who I am, who I am (hands up!)
Here's to the land that raised me
This one for the only place that really knows me
From the cracks in the road that drove me
There's no place like home
(They bite off of this 'cause they like my shit) Yeah
(No fucks, take offense, but you like that shit) Yeah (D.A. got that dope)

My dad died (Aw), he's still on my bad side (Haha)
That's how I know that I'm back on my shit (How?)
'Cause I'm that fly (Buzz, oh)
Call me the Titanic (Why?), I been known to fuck up entire crews (Yeah)
Treat your clique like tryin' on fitted hats (Fitted hats), I'm capsizin' you (Like a waiter)
Like a waiter'd do with a tray of food, haters, you cater to 'em
I talk my shit, but I back it up, take the hate and I make it fuel
Nothin' else left to say or do
Got dessert, a fork, plate and spoon
Must've put my money where my mouth is
'Cause I got my cake, and I ate it too, haha (Ate it, bitch)

But they bite off of this 'cause they like my shit
No fucks, take offense, but you like that shit
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah
She'll fight over dick 'cause she like my shit
They bite off of this 'cause they like my shit
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah (Yeah), yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah

Bitch, you got one television (One set), and the one that you have is cheap (Have is cheap)
It's like when they test your blood (Test your blood), that shit is a plasma screen (A plasma screen)
My house is like Alfred E. Neuman (Alfred E. Neuman), bitch, I got mad TVs (Mad TVs)
I got a whole lotta issues (Whole lotta issues, prr) and MAD magazines (Prr)
Turn the thermostat all the way up's only way you're gonna blast the heat (Blast the heat)
Call you leisurewear like V-necks, all y'all just casualties (Casualties)
Critics I don't rap to please (Rap to please), they be like that brand of greens (Brand of greens)
Label 'em Del Monte (Monte) 'cause everyone you can't appease, yeah (Can't appease, haha)

But they bite off of this 'cause they like my shit
No fucks, take offense, but you like that shit
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah
She'll fight over dick 'cause she like my shit
They bite off of this 'cause they like my shit
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah), yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah

Came up in a world that never (What?) really gave a crap about me (Yeah)
Two months my dad was outie (Bye), blew up, he bragged about me (Haha)
Talk about seizin' the moment (What?), it's like I have the lowries (Yeah)
I got jumped at Checkers (Rally's), but across the board, the game had to crown me (Yeah)
Man, I swear this shit is a trip (Trip), similar to a family outing (When I look)
When I look back at how these kid-kids in my class would clown me
Said I'm just a huge waste, well, that must make these rappers belts
Because now they all feel so small that they won't even wrap around me
Expect me to get in like a sinkhole (What?)
Stink, ho? Bitch, no, I don't think so
Like Cool J, back to Cali (What am I, nuts?)
Borderline nuts, but I have no boundaries
If you get in my way, I'ma bury ya
Like a barricade around this area
They call me the grand canal be-
Cause I'll be damned if rap ain't damned without me
Keepin' it grand like a damn finale
Coup de grâce as I shot to superstardom
Who'd have thought what my medulla-oblongata screwed-up thoughts could do to toddlers?
But I grew up on ramen noodles, combination of post trauma due to mama
Got me off my rocker, human lama, but everything is not hakuna matata (Nah)
But I pour my heart into the ink in these letters
I tear you apart as I piece it together
How am I so sick if I keep getting better?
Bitch, you ain't fuckin' with me at this ever
You got no cheese and no cheddar
You need some yeast, at least get your bread up
I hit your bitch up like Pac, told her to please keep her head up
'Cause she was suckin' my dick in the Jeep when we met up
I show up like you just said speak of the devil
The devil is speaking, "Now shut up," now shut up (Shh)
I'm tryin' to take rappers heads off (What?)
I'm out for blood like the Red Cross (Bitch)
Turn your GPS off and get lost (Right)
This TEC is not for no TED Talk (Brrt)
But every word that come from my lip bomb like I'm chapstick
Seedy as a motherfuckin' compact disc, bombastic
I'm ahead of my time and my watch fast, bitch
I'm strapped, safety off that bitch
Hop back with this Papermate
The pen'll be the only thing I'm not cappin'
Better quit your goddamn jaw-jackin' (Yeah)
Used to write my raps on napkins (What?)
Too much paper, now I'm stackin'
You can't take it like dog aspirin (Haha)
Ain't alcohol, but I'm strong as it
If rap was liquor, this song has it (Yeah)
So if you don't wanna get wasted
These ain't the kinda bars that you'll wanna take shots at then

They bite off of this 'cause they like my shit
No fucks, take offense, but you like that shit
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah
She'll fight over dick 'cause she like my shit
They bite off of this 'cause they like my shit
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
Step by step... heart to heart... left right left
We all fall down

CHORUS
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down, like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on, for toy soldiers

I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it
But if it means going toe to toe with the Benzino, it don't matter
I'd never drag 'em in battles that I can handle 'less I absolutely have to
I'm supposed to set an example, I need to be the leader
My crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever just pop off I'm suppose to be beside 'em
Now Ja said I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, this shit be way beyond some Jay-Z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy something I help build
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' [Suge]
Now it's just out of respect, for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about something that I knew nothing about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over TV, down talkin' a man who literally saved my life
Like "fuck it I understand" this is business
And this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute 'cause...

Chorus
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down, like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on, for toy soldiers

There used to be a time when, you could just say a rhyme
And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated 'cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it?
It's a different ball game, callin' names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him
Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash 'em and let him have it
Meanwhile my attention is pullin' in other directions
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'
Well fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then
But I'm so busy being pissed off I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine which is fine ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
That's willing to die for us, as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
We'll maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show them we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is
to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt and murdered, it ain't worth it
I can't think of a perfecter way to work it
Then to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all 'fore I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man
If y'all can quit poppin' off at your jaws with the knockin'
'cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience 'cause...

Chorus
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down, like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on, for toy soldiers
[Intro: Alfred Hitchcock]
I trust that everyone is enjoying the music
As the title of the album suggests
This was meant for your listening pleasure
While you are being done in

[Verse 1]
Call this evil intent, like me in a limo (Yeah)
Like the shade in these windows
Smoke gray, ladies go mental
But no way they can see in though (Nah)
OJ blade is a pencil (Yeah)
Propane takin' my cranium
Code-name Titanium Temper
I almost swallowed my car
I call my Mercedes a Benzo
Bitch, I ball like a baby
Ball like J, but not Jaysin
Jay-Z, J as in Leno
’Cause I got a huge mansion
No, huge man chin, new Manson, loose cannon
Too scandalous, Sue Atkins
The kinda crazy you can't fix
I'm still the one your parents hate
I’m in your house eatin' carrot-cake
While I sit there and wait and I marinate
I'm irritated, you 'bout to meet a scary fate
And come home to find yourself starin' straight into a fuckin' barrel like Sharon Tate
Raise the concerto while I narrate
Yeah, you be on the straight and narrow like a fuckin' arrow shape
I be on a higher plane in aerospace
With so much leg-room and air space on this airplane
Unlike you 'cause you’re on a flight too, but it’s a staircase

[Chorus]
Now, little engine gone, finna vrin-vrin gone
I'm losin’ control
Heroin and blow, Marilyn Monroe
Overd-d-dose
Time to Ri-Rick-Roll, up the en-endo
Like a win-window
Little engine gone, little engine

[Verse 2]
I am the top-sellin', who cares?
Stop dwellin', then stop yellin'
I’m not yellin', you're yellin'
Smart aleck, goddammit
Fuck is that? Stop hammering (God)
That's what it sounds like in my brain
Much as I fight to restrain
I have the right to remain violent
Any rhyme that I say can and will be used against you
Icicle veins, mics will get slain
Life it will strangle you with bicycle chain
You're gonna have to come identify the remains
Wait, what?
I said my head is twisted like a red tie (Yup)
Can't get a fuckin' word in, edgewise (Shut up)
Success overnight like a red eye (Bitch)
Dressed like a Jedi at a Best Buy from the Westside
I'm hot dog, no you're not, I'm the guy with the Oscar, admires
And the appliances like washers and dryers
Chick ran up like, "Marshall, you're fire"
I looked down and said, "No, I'm not, you're a liar"
She said, "No, your music"
Heard you're back with the Dr. and I heard
Don’t stop
Don’t stop

[Royce Da 5' 9"]
Yeah, Bad and Evil is (BACK)
we bout to get into a tail of gunner that details the dungeon
this is the pale moon illuminates the hail and thundering
oh once again where I fail from blundering
Shady lifted his wing than I fell from under it
now I’m freefallin’
my career is gone and the weed callin’
regardless of who’s fault I was b-ballin’
God bubble wrapped me and dropped me on top of the Earth
Marshall double backed and got me from on top of the Hearse
I’m alive n-gga, Justin T ain’t got nothing on me
cause I done cried Mary J Blige rivers
I realised that God’s with us as soon as I decided to put that bottle down and pick up my tie bridges
the writings on the wall since n-ggas seen me at the baseball game with Shady and Jay-Z
suddenly everybody calls
“like I’m just checking on you dog”
while I throw up this message on the star

[Chorus]
when them bottles stop poppin’
and them dollars start stopping
do what you did to get it and dont stop (dont stop)
I made a promise to my momma
I’mma out live her
How can I be a quitter when haters dont stop (dont stop)

I’m living proof n-gga
its pretty safe to say
God giveth and God taketh away
its the Worldwide American way
I’m living proof n-gga

[Eminem]
Your body language is sayin’ your confidence is gone
well pick ya ass up lil homie, come on
you just gone sit there and take it or make em suck it
tell em where to shove it straight up (?)
f-ck it,
the last time the light kicked me in the ass
I pulled down it’s pants and put a foot up its ass
man what a catastrophy it’d be for me to be a bitch ass p-ssy
and not open a can of whoop ass
did ya piss ass whoop me will be the day I say I aint poop
shit, the day that I dont straight shoot
I’ll drop out of my anti-women hate group
say I’m a sissy faggot, record it play it back and put it on straight loop
you haters look like you ate a grape fruit
you see me climbing back on that wagon
got my swagga back I was dragging, hop back on it
grab the reigns on that bastard and came back on em
without remorse man
man of course I’m a one trick pony
cause I’ll be screaming on these horns till I’m hoarse!

[Chorus]

[Royce Da 5' 9"]
Nah I aint fading yet
I’d rather stay and rap
I mighta made a deck
I find excitement in wondering what I’ma write next
so I dont stay in debt
me broke
you might aswell cut the embryo out my momma and play catch with the baby
with AK’s with baby bayonet’s
I’ma get rich or I’mma die trying
thats why its either kill or be killed
so call me suicide homocide Ryan

[Eminem]
Theres a bomb inside my head
I’ma live wire, I am on the edge
teetering on it like I tore the iron mike
get on a nut like a tyre iron
I have no desire stopping so why would I drop and roll
thats how much Im flying higher(?)
rappers are fun and I’m the time cause I’m just flying by ‘em
man I’m laughing at ‘em the entire time, why am I up?
cause tribulations I have triumphed bitch I’m fired up
so it’s time for me to slit your f-cking lighter, light the sky up

[Chorus]
[Intro: Anderson .Paak]
Yeah, like that
Okay, yeah

[Verse 1: Anderson .Paak & Eminem]
Say bro, (Yeah) where you get them from?
Detroit? (Yeah) That machine gun, spray boy
And it's gon' hit some
New coupe? (Ooh) Been whippin' 'em
New boobs? (Yeah) Where you get them done?
Payroll (Nice), might put you on a table
And spread you out like some Yayo (I'm naughty, yah)
No bitch (Oh), you don't know shit (No)
You just want all my money, ah
I was hopeless (Oh), now I'm focused (No)
Where the fuck is the party at?
Now hold this (Oh), oh shit (Oh)
That's it (Yeah), so sick (Oh)
No shit (Oh)
Damn, I'm (Yeah) getting too fuckin' old for this (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
But still as explosive with, just load the clip
Two pistols on hip, both are gripped
I hold them at shoulder width
Took a stab in the dark and broke the tip
Of my knife off, but your throat is slit
'Cause I'm cutthroat to the utmost with it
The ultimate
I just let the poker chips fall but they were supposed to fit
Now those days are over, scrapin' change in sofas
Tryna save at Kroger (Yeah)
So why would I give a fuck about backstabbin' Trader Joe for?
How 'bout that, I'm paid as Oprah
Think I may have broke the scale
'Cause the wait is over
But wait, wait, hold up, 'cause they say I almost-

[Chorus: Anderson .Paak]
I almost lost it
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost got me (Stop it, stop it)
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), but I got it (I got it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), I got it (I got it)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Just sit there and act pathetic and sulk
'Cause I'm getting green, Incredible Hulk
'Cause I usually get it in bulk
But I still will stomp your head to a pulp (Yeah)
You want smoke, I got the tical like Method Man
So get ready to die from second hand
Get a whiff of the doctor's medicine
Like sedatives you'll get popped, Excedrin
'Cause you can get it like over the counter (Yo)
Like I just left the damn concession stand (Yeah)
A mic in my hand's a weapon (What?)
I put that on everything like ranch, I'll never land
Too fly, I don't plan to ever Cinderella Man
What I am is better than
Every single one of you
Whether separate or all of you band together
And I put the game on the pill (Yeah)
Now my Shady babies are all stillborns
Meaning abortions that live 'cause they were still born
I can heal 'em with Neosporin
You 'bout to experience euphoria
(I'm a) true warrior, got the plug like Trugoy
Give me the cue like I'm ScHoolboy
And I'll treat the beat like a pitbull would do to a chew toy and destroy it, 'cause boy I-

[Chorus: Anderson .Paak]
I almost lost it
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost got me (Stop it, stop it)
I had to reach back, back, and lock it, yeah (Lock it, lock it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), but I got it (I got it)
You almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), you almost (Stop it), I got it (I got it)
[Eminem]
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted-One moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready to drop bombs,
But he keeps on forgettin what he wrote down,
The whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking now, everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up over, bloah!
Snap back to reality, Oh there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked
He's so mad, but he won't give up that
Easy, no
He won't have it, he knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke
He's so stagnant that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again yo
This this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't

[Amy Lee]
My God my tourniquet
Return to me salvation
My God my tourniquet
Return to me salvation 

[Eminem]
The soul's escaping, through this hole that it's gaping
This world is mine for the taking
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order
A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to post mortem
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's know as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, God only knows
He's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water
His hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds
I suppose it's old partner but the beat goes on
Da da dum da dum

[Amy Lee]
My God my tourniquet
Return to me salvation
My God my tourniquet
Return to me salvation 

[Eminem]
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfucking roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhyming and stepwritin the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
That I can't get by with my 9 to 5
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
Cause man, these goddam food stamps don't buy diapers
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Trying to feed and water my seed, plus
Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama's screaming on and
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or I end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfucking option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go is my shot.
Feet fail me not cause maybe the only opportunity that I got

[Amy Lee]
My wounds cry for the grave
My soul cries for deliverance
Will I be denied Christ
Tourniquet
My suicide...
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it or just let it slip?


Yo,
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow!
Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad, but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo! This whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him


You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo x2
You better…


His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther
From home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, ‘cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah


You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo x2 
You better…


No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to-
Five, and I can't provide the right type of
Life for my family ‘cause, man, these goddamn
Food stamps don't buy diapers, and there's no movie
There's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed; plus, teeter-totter
Caught up between being a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screaming on her
Too much for me to wanna stay in one spot
Another day of monotony's gotten me to the point
I'm like a snail, I've got to formulate a plot
Or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot, feet: fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got


You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo x2 
You better…
Yo, if you could just, for one minute
Or one split second in time, forget everything
Everything that bothers you, all your problems
Everything, and follow me

If I was frozen inside of a moment
If I could capture time inside a capsule
An hourglass full of sand in the palm of my hand, it passes through it
If I can grasp it, and just control what happens to it
Then I can trap it, so no more time elapses through it
If raps could do it, maybe I could tap into it
Then I could try to channel it through Cadillacs and Buicks
To transmit through 'em, to make you put your ass into it
And that's when you hit the roof because you can't sit through it
Your passions too much for you to not be dancing to it
And as you do it, your movements become fast and fluent
You're mashin' to it, moshing until you're black and bluish
You're acting foolish, this music it has influenced you to be rowdy but in an orderly fashion
True it's chaotic, but it's got your body moving as a unit
Uniting together tonight, so make it last and you better just

Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)

Cause when we descend together, we begin to move as one
In perfect unison just like the moon and sun
Illuminate the room and humans soon become aluminum
Rhythmically in sync, if you'll excuse the pun
But if you could lose it once, I mean if you could let shit go
Relax, take a breath, and just let it exit slow
To rest your soul, you could leave the rest to me
If I could give the world a hit of ecstasy
To make 'em feel the feeling that I'm feeling right this minute
Cause I feel like the night won't end til I get finished
So close the shades, makin' sure no light gets in it
The sky's the limit tonight because the night's infinite
A high percentage of black people and white mixed in it
But no one really gives a fuck cause they just like what's spinnin'
His life was spinnin', the whole entire night just spinnin'
Like life's beginning, so come out from inside your skin and quit hidin' in it

Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)
Lose yourself in this music
This moment we own it, we won't never let it go (go)
You better move yourself cause tomorrow's ass can wait
There is no time, to sit there and procrastinate (you better)
(Crowd singing in bar in the background)
I never meant too... give you mushrooms girl...
I never meant to.... Bring you to my world...
And now you're lying, in the corner... cryyaaaing.
(yeah!, woohoo!)
[Verse 1: Eminem]

Somethin's burnin', I can't figure out what (Out what)
It's either lust or a cloud of dust
Judgement is clouded, must just be the powder from the power of (Love!)
But I'm in somethin' I don't know how to get out of
Left my girl in the house alone
Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan?
And the further I walked, the louder
Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard
'Cause after all, this is her place
So I give her the benefit of the doubt
I think I might be about to bust her, bust her
The thought's scary, yo though and it hurts - brace!
Hope it ain't, "here we go, yo!"
'Cause my head already goes to worst-case scenario, though, in the first place
But you confirmed my low-end theory, though
Should've known when I made it all the way to third base
And that was only the first date, could've made it to home plate
But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first
"No, (*slurp*) you don't (*slurp*) under- (*slurp*) -stand, 
(*slurp*) I (*slurp*) don't (*slurp*) do this for (*slurp*) anyone (*slurp*) ever (*slurp*)"
Yeah that ain't what they all say?
I'll say it, you can suck a softball through a straw, used to be my fiance
'Til you sucked on Wayne, Andre, and Kanye
Lebron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e
Polow Tha Don, Drake, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwame?!
Guess I'm gettin my goddamn Jigga on, eh?
'Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin'
But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray
But I'll probably always keep on playin' the-

[Bridge: Sample]

Game of love, love, love, love
L-l, l-l-l-love

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]

She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do. I don't care!"
And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do. I don't care!"

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]

I told that bitch
"I'm a sucker for love, you're a sucker for dick"
Suckin' dick in your mama's tub 'til your granny walked in
Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water, he drowned
Like an abortion, they booked you for manslaughter
You beat the case and I called ya
"Sherane is not available now leave a message at the tone
And Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those
Expensive heels, you little fuckin' Ferris wheel
Fuckin' spinnin' on me - fuck you think, we gon' get married still?
Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale
Fairy godmama better tell you how I fuckin' feel
Like you should fuckin' beat it or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period
Now have a blessed day!"
Bitch you serious? I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious
Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me up, a Caesarean
You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious
I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman
After the dillinger hit'em diligently and killin' him
His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem
That's analogy and metaphor for ya
I should win a medal for all the ways I adore ya
This is me talkin' cordial, yeah I got some home trainin'
That ain't what you like, ain't it? 
What about if I was famous as Marshall?
Would you give fellatio in the carpool?
Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle
Singin', "I hope she's good enough
Meanwhile you're chasin' her"
Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her
Pity the fool and pity the fool in me, I'ma live with her-

[Bridge: Sample]

Game of love, love, love, love
L-l, l-l-l-love

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]

She doesn't love me, no she don't love me no more
She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more
I tried to get her up out of my head as my bags hit the door
She screamed she loved me like she never did before

And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do. I don't care!"
And I told her, "Go where you wanna!
Go do whatcha wanna do. I don't care!"

[Verse 3: Eminem]
So needless to say I'm feeling betrayed
Snatch my house key off her key chain
She jumped off Wee-Bey from The Wire's dick
Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater
Here goes that broken record cliché, it's all my fault anyway
She's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break
She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ
Each day is an instant replay
They say what we display symptomatic of addict behavior
Back together but forgot today was her B-day, she cut me off on the freeway
Simple misunderstandin' but just as I went to slam on the brakes
That's when I realized that she may be as crazy as me, wait
Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline, stepped on them fuckers 8 times
Still goin' 73, thank God there's an exit coming up
What the mother-F-U-C-K's wrong with her?
Hit the off ramp 'til I coasted to a goshdamn halt 
hit a fuckin' tree now here she comes at full speed, 
she's racin' at me, okay you wanna fuck with me, eh?
Snatch the bitch out her car through the window, she screamin'
I body slam her on the cement, until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole
Buried the stink ho in it, then paid to have the street repaved
Woke up in a dream state in a cold sweat
Like I got hit with a freeze ray durin' a heat wave
Guess I eventually caved though, 'cause she's layin' next to me in bed
Directly aimin' a gat at my head
Woke up again and jumped up like, "fuck it! I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab"
I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy
Every girl I've ever had either says I got to much baggage
Or I'm too fuckin' dramatic
Man what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fucking romantic
I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch!
Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex
I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic event
I said, "hit the road", and after she left
I sent that bitch a text that said, "be careful driving
Don't read this and have a accident"
She glanced to look at it and wrecked, too bad
Thought we had a connect
No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case
Than a model covered in L'Oreal and mace, who fell from grace
Eleven stories for storytelling while the whore was yelling, "rape!"
'Til her vocal cords were swelling
And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spelling's face
Still they swarm the gates of my fancy estates
To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace
Unless you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date though, don't be late
Well the sentiment's great, but wait, then there's been a mistake
You want an intimate date, I wanna intimidate
I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly because of the game of-
(*Message sound*)
Wait, "dinner at eight"?
I have infinite hate in my blood, it's mainly 'cause of the-

[Outro]

Game of love, love, love, love
L-l, l-l-l-love
[Verse 1] 
 [Obie Trice] 
 You don't see me in the hood 
 It's cause I'm doing this man 

 Niggas, I'm still grinding, (yeah...) 
 I'm still hearing those sirens, 
 I'm still getting chased by those lights, 
 Only the light's mine and my mic's on 
 And my time is none because I'm writing more, 
 And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness, 
 I'm here to eat, speak, until these hoes feel this, (for sure...) 
 and I can't let y'all derail me man, 
 I got young Kobe, homie, you gotta let go of Obie 
 cause Obie be back, (ain't goin' nowhere man...) 
 We got them craps going on 
 and that yak going on, 
 soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin', 
 It's whateva, put that on the chedda man, 
 but in the meantime, it's Jimmy Ivene time, 
 chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out, 
 this is it my nigga, this what we boast about, 
 Now I'm here so shut your motherfuckin mouth 
 And show me love bitch.. 

 [CHORUS] 
 [Obie Trice] 
 I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (I dont love you bitch) 
 I wanna hold you in the morning, (Ha) 
 hold you through the night (Hahaha) 

 I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, (We wanna love alcohol, we wanna love guns,) 
 I wanna hold you in the morning, (we wanna love money) 
 hold you through the night.. (Ha) (we don't wanna love bitches though) 

 [Verse 2] 
 [Eminem] 
 There's a certain mystique when I speak, 
 that you notice that it's sorta unique, 
 cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep, 
 and I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat, 
 you can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack 
 and go to sleep, I'm strapped, 
 just knowing any minute I could snap, 
 I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped, 
 I bully these rappers so bad lyrically, 
 it ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, 
 it ain't even money, you can't pay me enough 
 for you to play me, it's cockamamie, 
 you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady, 
 my noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo, 
 I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kitten-kaboodle, 
 I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it, 
 there's no humor in it no more, you know 
 I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag, 
 you need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass 
 you better love me bitch 

 [CHORUS] 
 I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, 
 I wanna hold you in the morning, 
 hold you through the night 

 [Obie Trice] 
 (and all the bitches say) 

 I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, 
 I wanna hold you in the morning, 
 hold you through the night 

 [Verse 3] 
 [50 Cent] 
 my buzz is crazy in the hood, they holla my name, 
 if it ain't about the flow, 
 it's about the stones and the chain, 
 if I was you, I'd love me too, 
 I roll like a bus, 9-11 pulse same color as cranberry sauce, 
 I ain't gonna front, I thought R-Kelly was tha shit, 
 then we find out he fucking round with bow wow bitch, 
 niggas eatin popcorn, right, rewinding the tape, 
 now shorty momma in the precinct hollerin rape, 
 i'm convinced man something really wrong with these hoes, 
 I thought Lil' Kim was hot then she start fucking with her nose, (God Damn) 
 used to listen to Lauren Hill and tap my feet, 
 then the bitch put out a CD that didn't have no beats, (uh-huh) 
 that boy D'Angelo he determined not to fail, 
 that nigga went butt-ass for his record to sell, 
 my back shot to help Ashanti hit them high notes, 
 and Big Ben told Charlie to deepthroat 

 [CHORUS] 
 I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, 
 I wanna hold you in the morning, (I luv'a burnish the monies, the bunnies) 
 hold you through the night(I just wanna hold you 

 I just wanna love you for the rest of my life, I wanna hold you in the morning, 
 (I just wanna love you) 
 hold you through the night
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight
High of a love drunk from my hate
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love it the more that I suffer
I suffocate
And right before im about to drown she resuscitates me
She fucking hates me and I love it
Wait, where you going, I'm leaving you
No you ain't come back
We're running right back
Here we go again It's so insane
Cause when it's going good it's going great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back
She's Lois Lane but when it's bad it's awful
I feel so ashamed, I snap, Who's that dude
I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her
I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

You ever love somebody so much
You can barely breathe, when you're with them, you meet
And neither one of you, even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feeling, yeah them chills, used to get 'em
Now you're getting fucking sick, of looking at 'em
You swore you've never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face,
Spewing venom in your words, when you spit 'em
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down, pin 'em, so lost in the moments, when you're in 'em
It's the rage that took over it controls you both
So they say it's best, to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know ya 'cause today, that was yesterday
Yesterday is over, it's a different day
Sound like broken records, playin' over, but you promised her
Next time you'll show restraint
You don't get another chance
Life is no Nintendo game, but you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave
Out the window, guess that's why they call it window pane

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is
You're the same as me
When it comes to love you're just as blinded
Baby please come back
It wasn't you baby it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk
Told you this is my fault
Look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed I'll aim my fist at the dry wall
Next time there won't be no next time
I apologize even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games, I just want her back
I know I'm liar
If she ever tries to fucking leave again
I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn
But that's alright because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry
But that's alright because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
Eminem: you still love me?
[kim]: (sniffles)
eminem: take this(click, click)...ready? [her sniffle again] 1, 2, 3 (bang bang)

the more you, put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more

i buy you flowers
you throw them at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me,
the more that it turns me on
cuz you love me
and i love you more

it's sick but who could ever predict
we'd be doin the same shit
we say we do it for our baby, but we don't
we do it for us, it's lust
cuz neither one of us trusts each other
so we fuck till we bust
and then we cuss each other, out,
we know what it's about
and shout till i throw you out the house,
you throw me out the house,
i throw you on the couch,
punch you in the mouth
fist fight till we turn this mother out
and apologize after, laughter, pain
it's insane, were back in the same chapter again,
and it's sad but it's true, when im layin' here with you
there ain't nothin anyone could ever say or ever do cuz

the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more

i buy you flowers
you throw them at me
i know it's sad but it's making me happy
the more that you slap me,
the more that it turns me on
cuz you love me
and i love you more

cuz i hate you, do you hate me?
good cuz you're so fuckin beautiful when you're angry
it makes me, wanna just take you
and just throw you on the bed
and fuck you like i don't even know you
you fuck other people and i fuck other people
you're a slut but im equal, i'ma mut
we're both evil in our ways
but neither one of us would ever admit it
cuz one of us would have one up on the other, so forget it
people make, accusations, people spread rumors,
but they ain't got proof
till they do, it's just the two of us, its you and me
cuz any chick can say that she's screwin me
but you gotta believe me to a degree cuz you're in deep
if you didn't i wouldn't be hitting
yeah i would cuz the sex is just too damn good
if i ran, who would i run to?
who would be this soft and warm
so it's off and on, usually more off than on
but at least we know,
that we share this common bond
you're the only one i could fuck without a condom on
i hope, the only reason that i cope
is cuz of that fact and plus i can bust in that
and that's why

the more you put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more
you don't want me, i just want you more

i buy you flowers
you throw them at me
i know its sad but its making me happy
the more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on
cuz you love me
and i love you more

i can never understand it,
thats why i don't try
from junior high, until we both die
its silly oh why, must we try?
is it really so rough?
did we must and always call
each others billy-goat's gruff?
try to pull each others legs, until the other begs,
were lying to ourselves
that's the beauty of it, yeah
cuz we truely love each other
that's why we always fight,
and all we do is shove each other
every other fuckin' night
and it's clear, it ain't gonna change
this pin up rage, we both have,
and we both feel like we've been upstaged
by someone else, we've both been someone else
with someone else
the problem is, neither one won't tell
its an addiction, and it can't be fixed
our familys mixed up
theres baby sister in the mix
and it hurts, cuz the pieces to the puzzle don't fit
and anybody who thinks he knows us doesn't know shit
and they're probably just tired of hearing it all the time,
on every song, every lyric and every rhyme,
all the hoop-lah, all of the whoopty woo,
what you put me through, fuckin whoopty-doo
but i won't be made a fool of,
if this is true love, you wouldn't do what you did last time,
you wouldn't screw up this time,
cuz this time, girl im telling you what,
you do it again im fucking you up,
no matter what

what you say, what you do,
i'ma hunt you down till i find you
no matter where you run
i'll be right there, right behind you
and in your nightmares i surround you.

i buy you flowers, and candy
all the times that you threw them back at me
told me you hate me
you gonna hate me more
when you find out,
you can't escape me whorrrre

the more you, put me through
the more it makes me wanna come back to you
you say you hate me, i just love you more.
you don't want me, i just want you more.

i buy you flowers
you throw them at me
i know its sad but its making me happy.
the more that you slap me,
the more that it turns me on,
cuz you love me
and i love you more.
Eminem]
Warning, this shit's gon be rated R, restricted
You see this bullet hole in my neck?
It's self inflicted Doctor slapped my momma,
"Bitch you got a sick kid"
Arrested, molested myself and got convicted
Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises
Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis
I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful
Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo "Murder Murder Redrum"
Brain size of a bread crumb
Which drug will I end up dead from Inebriated,
till my stress is eleviated
"How in the fuck can Eminem and shady be related?"
Illiterate, illigitimate shit spitter
Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder
Jumped out (Ahhhh!) killed the bitch and did her
Use to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was little'er
Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fuckin Bette Midler
Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler
Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler
Didn't Ya? Bring your bitch I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her

[Chorus]
I'm low down and I'm shiftee!
"And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him
And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from.."

[Eminem]
I lace tunes, I'm out this world like Space Moons
With a bunch crazed loons dismissin brains like braze wounds
Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits
Doing whippits, passed out like Sanford snippits
Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it
I'ma let your grandpa hit it
Mix it up with cocaine so her can't forget it
Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum
But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum
So what I'm on is way beyond the bomb or any alcoholic beverage
Losing all of my leverage
Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich
Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage
Smoked out like Eckridge Band just making my neck itch
What the fuck?
Gimme the tech bitch
You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast
Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips
Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips
Slap hips, support domestic violence
Beat your bitches ass while your kids stare in silence
I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen's really dust smoking?
If all your shit's missing, than probably one of us broke in

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling
Lit it like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England
I'm out the game, put the second string in
This Brandy got my swinging
Bobbing back and forth like a penguin
Delinquent, toking microphones with Broken English
Make your mama be like "Ohh! This is good! Who sing this?"
"Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I love it
It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit."
It was predicted by a medic
I'd grow to be an addicted diabetic
Living off liquid Triametic Pathetic,
but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing
Panicing, I think I might have just took too much
Anasin Frozen Manaquin, posted stiffer than a statue
I think I'm dying, God is that you?
Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP
Take me to ER ASAP for and IV
Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop
They say that's where it ends, the closest they gon come is
Tupac It's politics, it's all a fix
Setup by these white blue collared hicks
Just to make a dollar off of black music
With a subliminal ball of tricks
But those can kiss ass and swallow dicks

[Chorus]
The coup de grâce is the final shot
Right between the eyes
Also known (haha) as the kill shot (people, yeah)
Something to stop the pain (woo, it feels so good to be back)
Bad
Alright, here we go, alright, I'ma start this, I got it
Before I get banned, kicked off Twitter
And TikTok 'cause they so damn ticked off, bitter
They want me to bounce (like what?) like a fabric softener
We just got rid of Ye, go kick rocks with him (ayy)
But Dre on beats with the white-faced blondie on the mic
Is like (what?) havin' Steady B and Cool C in the ride
Like we rap and did a little bank robbery on the side
So they want beef, we can make like Bonnie and collide
Haters can meet the same exact fate as my dad, wait
Least he didn't miss me graduate (okay, yeah, great)
But, Mom, do I still act eight?
Uh, maybe a little, Debbie (what?) like a snack cake (slut)
But if this is what he do to his mom
Imagine what he'd do to you, I'm a lunatic armed
And if it's you I use to clip on, for you to respond
Is ludicrous, ma, look at what your uterus spawned, Lucifer
Must be a cold day in Hell (yeah)
Tell me, what have we done? (Woah)
Take me out my misery, I bought Heaven when it was up for sale
And now I need a refund, bae (yeah, wait, what the fuck? Where'd I put my–)
I think someone messed with my meds probably (yo, who took my–)
I bet it's my ex, Molly, that I've bludgeoned to death
Already severed the head, I smell the fresh scent of flesh rotting
So it's breakfast in bed if I wake up next to a dead body (ah)
Multiple lacerations, contusions, abrasions, bruises
Hallucinations, delusions, abusive, my language usage
They lose it when Dre produced it, as soon as he plays the music
It's lunacy, treat the beat like a choice, Shady chews it
Now all I see is dollar signs, losers
Bitch, I was in them trenches like them Columbine shooters (like them Columbine shooters)
I was down bad, broke, and almost abandoned hope (now what?)
Now my followers are like a Satanic cult (what?)
Yeah, they listen to me like when Manson spoke (shh)
They say I don't know struggle no more, that's a joke (haha)
Bitch, the fuckin' elevator in my mansion's broke (see?)
I have to walk like half a block to get a can of Coke (damn)
And Candace O, I ain't mad at her (ah)
I ain't gon' throw the fact bitch forgot she was Black back at her
Laugh at her like them crackers she's backin' after her back is turned
In a cute MAGA hat with her brand-new White Lives Matter shirt (haha, nope)
Or say this MAGA dirtbag in a skirt
Just opened the biggest can of worms on the whole planet Earth
Call her "Grand Wizard" (yeah), "Klandace" (haha), or "Grand Dragon, " or
Like the national anthem, I won't stand for the tramp (why?)
But I can't diss her 'cause my plans are to get in her pants
And I'll blow my chance if I answer back to her
My shit is like taking Deborah Mathers at her word
Yeah, I'm that absurd, we had a spat, then afterwards
We squashed the beef like a hamburger patty, or should I say gigantic turd?
'Cause I put that shit to bed like Amber Heard at a Mattress Firm (slut)
But if this is what he do to his mom (pfft)
Imagine what he'd do to you (ha), I'm a lunatic armed
And if it's you I use to clip on, for you to respond
Is ludicrous, ma, look at what your uterus spawned, Lucifer
This must be a cold day in Hell (yeah)
Tell me, what have we done? (Woah)
Take me out my misery, I bought Heaven when it was up for sale
And now I need a refund, bae (yeah)
So whether you friend or you are foe (woah)
Far as bars go, even fuckin' retards know (yeah)
That as far as smoke with me, I don't think it'd be smart, so (woah)
Might as well go lookin' for smoke with Lamar, bro (yeah, yeah)
But Marshall, you're gettin' more perverse every time you record a verse and
It's like you came from 2000, stepped out a portal, cursin'
Hurlin' horrible slurs towards the world and
Why can't you make fun of people behind their backs like a normal person?
But when you reach these heights, freedom of speech dies (what?)
With every line that I recite, them PC police try
To throw me in jail with no bail like a peace prize
For all of them years (what?), they reduced me to tears (yeah)
Tried to shrink me to pea-sized, only to see my (what?)
Self-esteem rise, now these are my replies (mm)
They made me eat shit (shit), I fed it back to 'em three times (yeah)
Stepfather's the only (what?) one I ever been beat by (ha)
Squeeze mics like Burmese py– (yeah)
'Thons (yeah), here's for each time (what?)
You sleep on the flow (what?), ho, you hear these strings climb (yeah)
You reap what you sow (so what?), so first I must weave rhymes (yeah)
So seamlessly, then I'ma leave eyes
In a state of disbelief, my
Genius is a trait, so the gap's in our genes, right? (Haha, the gap)
At least that's what it seems like
And I'm Lucifer and Dre's the producer for the antichrist
[Intro: Joyner Lucas]
Woah
Joyner, Joyner
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah
I done did a lot of things in my day
I admit it, I don't take back what I say
If I said it, then I meant it
All my life I want a Grammy
But I'll prolly never get it
I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon
Fuck the system, I'm that nigga
Bend the law, cut the rules
I'm about to risk it all
I ain't got too much to lose
Y'all been eating long enough
It's my turn to cut the food
Pass the plate
Where my drink?
This my day
Lucky you
Fuck you too, woah!

[Chorus: Joyner Lucas]
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, how 'bout I shoot?
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice


[Verse 1: Joyner Lucas]
Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall
Turn my back on you all and you're finished
Back to these bullets, it's back to the job
Put my MAC on all of you runnin'
Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushing
These packs and I'm actually pumpin'
Can't fuck what you rapping, you practically suckin'
You might've went platinum, but that don't mean nothin'
I'm actually buzzin' this time
Straight out the kitchen, I told them the oven is mine
I do not fuck with you guys
If I don't care you just know that you gonna suffer this time
I ain't no gangster but I got some banging
Some chains and some blades in, and a couple of knives
Choppers and jammies, a partridge in a pear tree
My twelve days of Christmas was nothing but lies
Why don't you holla like a sumo (sumo)
They say I talk like a chulo
I live in Mars, I'm not Bruno
Bitch, I'm a dog call me Cujo
You play your cards, I reverse on you all
And I might just drop four like an Uno
Cállate la boca maricón le cuto and all of you culo
They've invented a level off in the ghetto to ghetto lookin' for something that prolly they can never find out
Shake irrelevant and tell 'em to beef right now
And you would nigga you really want me tied down
I've been alone and never needed nobody
Just only me and my shotty
I'll tell these niggas to lie down
Keep all of the money
I never wanted the lifestyle
I just pray to God that my son be alright now
I said ain't no love for the other side or anyone who ever want smoke
When I'll die I'm going out as the underdog who never lost hope
You in the wrong cab down the wrong path
Nigga wrong way, wrong road
Snakes in the grass, tryna slither fast
I just bought a fuckin' lawn mower


[Bridge: Eminem]
I have said a lotta things in my day
I admit it, this is payback in a way
I regret it that I did it
I done won a couple Grammys but I sold my soul to get 'em
Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin' recognition
Fuck's the difference?
I'm that cracker!
Bend the law
Fuck the rules
Man I used to risk it all
Now I got too much to lose
I been eating long enough
Man my stomach should be full
I just ate, lick the plate, my buffet
Lucky me
Fuck you think? (woo!)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I got a couple of mansions, still I don't have any manners
You got a couple of ghost writers but to these kids it don't actually matter
They're asking me "What the fuck happened to hip-hop?"
I said "I don't have any answers"
'Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album, it hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers
And actually coming from humble beginnings
I'm somewhat of uncomfortable winning
I wish I could say "what a wonderful feeling"
We're on the upswing like we're punching the ceiling
But nothing is stealing, like anyone has any fucking ability
To even stick to a subject, it's killing me, the inability to pin humility
Hatata batata
"Why don't we make a bunch of fuckin' songs about nothin'
And mumble", and fuck it
I'm goin' for the jugular
Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up
Don't give an ounce of a motherfuck
About the ones that were here before you to make raps, it's recap
Way back, MC's that
Recap, and tape decks
Eight DATs with the G raps and
Kane's at, we need three stacks
ASAP, and bring Masta Ace back
Because half of these rappers have brain damage
All the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap
I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad but in fact
With a old-me at the same cat that would take that
Feedback and aim back, I need that
But I think it's inevitable
They all got button to press or a lever to pull
It gives me the snap though (little bitch)
And if I paid attention I'd probably makin' it big
But you've been taking the dicks
On the fuckin' gag, hoe (get it?)
On the brink in a minute
Got me thinkin' of finishin' everything
With acetaminophen then reapin' the benefits
I'm asleep at the wheel again
As I peak into thinking about an evil intent
Of another beat 'em I'ma kill again
'Cause even if I gotta end up eating a pill again
Even ketamine or methamphetamine
With the Minithin, it better be at least 70 to 300 milligram
And I might as well 'cause I'ma end up being a villain again
Levels to this shit I got an elevator
You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin' record breaker
I sound like a broken record every time I break a record
Nobody could ever take away the legacy, I made a navigator
Motherfucker never got a right to be this way
I got spite inside my DNA
But I work 'til the wheels fall off, I'm workin' tirelessly, aye
It's the moment y'all been waiting for
Like California wishin' rain'd pour
And that drought y'all have been praying for
My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaw
Still the same Marshall that outlaw
That they say is a writer might've fell off
But back on that bull like the cowboys


[Chorus: Joyner Lucas & Eminem]
So y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move (yeah), y'all gotta move
Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice
Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, how 'bout I shoot?
Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice
[Intro]
My name is Marsh and this world, I'm out of it (Out of it)
'Cause with all this A-B-C shit, I'm startin' to sound like ALF a bit
Ha! I kill me, this medicine's counterfeit
I was mislead by the sound of it, how am I gonna get turnt up on this Valium shit?

[Verse 1]
Checked in at the Royal Garden
To chill and avoid my problems
Until paranoia caused me to feel like I'm going bonkers
For real, think my toilet's talkin'
I spilled like, like forty bottles of pills
Think your boy is startin' to feel like a spoiled carton of milk
'Cause it just occurred
My girl's cheatin', I'm kickin' that fuckin' bitch to the curb
But the word "fuckin'" ain't meant to be a descriptive word
The type of bitch she is ain't no adjective, it's a verb
Ho thinks her snatch is magical but that's how she attracts men and who traps 'em and attack similar to an actual arachnid
Or a vaginal tarantula or black widow
In fact it'll be nothing to throw that lil' Bitch with a capital B at the back window out the black Cadillac limo like a whack demo
When I'm strapped, when I spit rapid, like a ratchet
I have [?]
Been fire bitch, I can't outrap Reynolds
Apparently it'll be great but a napkin'll do
Return of the whack sicko
Head spinnin' like invisible scratch pickles
Yeah, Shady's back, see the bat signal
It's time to go bat shit, like you accidentally ate a Louisville slugger and crapped it, I'd like to introduce myself
Hi there, bitch my name is-

[Chorus]
My name is Marshall , I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial
Extra, extra, extra terrestrial

[Verse 2]
I could keep beefing
Fuck is the point?
I could make it really difficult for motherfuckers to come to Detroit
If you're still looking for smoke, I already gave you an L
I'd rather just see you in hell but I should get puff on the joint (Diddy)
Wait, run it back, I said gave you an L, in hell
Puff on the joint, I am the blunt you avoid
Used to get jumped for my poems
When I was growin' up they said a slinky's a wonderful toy
My mother thought I was such a fun little boy
"Oh, what a bundle of joy!"
Until the morning she suffered a punch in the groin
From the tantrum I was throwing
Like a motherfuckin' disgruntled employee, I don't cut the beat till I fuckin' destroy it
Once I get going rain thunder it's storming
Puddles are forming, I hear somebody's voice
In my head said it's still a dream
Then he said kill emcee's
Trippie Redd, with pills on lean
Sippin' meds in the limousine
Getting head, guillotine

[Chorus]
My name is Marshall, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural (It's lit)
Call me extra, extra terrestrial
Extra, extra, extra terrestrial

[Verse 3]
Yeah
So all of y'all can just suck a penis (Suck a penis)
I'll do the opposite (I'll do the opposite)
Eat you pussies like cunnilingus (Like cunnilingus)
There ain't no stopping it (There ain't no stopping it)
They say I'm such a genius (They say I'm such a genius)
When that kamikaze hits (When that kamikaze hits)
Now they call me "Butter fingers" (They call me "Butter fingers")
'Cause I just keep droppin' shit (I just keep droppin' shit)
You wanna butt heads?, shut up Beavis, ha ha
I got your bitch with her butt out
I'm hittin' a lick and she stickin' her tongue out
You got no hitters, you might be pitchin' a shut out
She 'bout to give up the dug out
I should just live in a nut house
Right now, I live in an igloo (Yeah)
And I'm not chillin' the fuck out
Treat you like a stepparent, does to a stepchild with red hair and
Plus I get dough like Ed Sheeran, so call me the ginger bread man
I'm a stan of Redman, ex clan and I'm a Treach fan
But I look up to myself (Yeah)
Like a fucking headstand (Yeah)
So why, w-w-why else, would I call myself an alien
How could I hit a dry spell (Yeah), I'm named after the wet lands

[Chorus]
I'm Marshall, I'm out this world (This world)
S on my chest (Superman) like it's plural
Call me extra, extra terrestrial
Extra, extra, extra terrestrial
My name is Marshall, my name is, my name is
My name is Marsh
[Eminem]
You know I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody
This year I'm sellin records
Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em somethin
Heh, the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars?
Get the fuck out of here

[Chorus One: Eminem]

You see I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy,
I don't know why all the fuss about me (fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before,
all they did was doubt me (did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth
and try to take shots at me (take shots at me)

[Eminem]
Yo, you might see me joggin, you might see me walkin
You might see me walkin a dead rottweiler dog
with it's head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
hollerin at him cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin
(grrrr, ARF ARF) Or leanin out a window, with a cocked shotgun
Drivin up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in
Lookin for Big's killers, dressed in ridiculous
blue and red like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off, cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this
Watchin all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
and get dollars that shoulda been there's like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin and wristwatches
I had to sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
and walk around with an empty bottle of Remi Martin
startin shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman ("God damnit!")
I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
with instincts to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch retarded? Gimme back my sixteen dollars
All I see is sissies in magazines smiling
Whatever happened to whylin out and bein violent?
Whatever happened to catchin a good-ol' fashioned
passionate ass-whoopin and gettin your shoes coat and your hat tooken?
New Kids on the Block, sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it.. (hahaha)
Vanilla Ice don't like me (uh-uh)
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me (yup)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (hehe)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
and run around screamin, "I don't care, just bite me" (nah nah)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
and destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
and call themselves "Clowns" cause they look queer
Faggot2Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (fuckin punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
after they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out
(AHHH!) Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck, blaow!
Look at y'all runnin your mouth again
when you ain't seen a fuckin Mile Road, South of 10
And I don't need help, from D-12, to beat up two females
in make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus," you damn right, Slim Anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flaming faggots!

[Chorus Two: Eminem]

Cause I'm, just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy,
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (you talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
if you assholes doubt me (assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
then come take your best shot at me (your best shot at me)

[Eminem]
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
and this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy,
so now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin bitch mom's suin for ten million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter your [attorney Fred Gibson's a] faggot!
Talkin about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Uhh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin and fussin over who wants to invite me to supper
All the sudden, I got 90 some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house
Hey-hey! And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand
to buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
and what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help:
uhh, here - DOUBLE XL, DOUBLE XL
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ahh fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

[Chorus One (2X)]
Maxine!! (Phone Rings)

[Maxine:] Hello
[Denaun:] Can I speak to Maxine?
[Maxine:] Yeah this is me what's up?
[Denaun:] What up?
[Maxine:] Who dis?
[Denaun:] Denaun 
[Maxine:] Yeah what's up?
[Denaun:] What are you doing?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Huh?
[Maxine:] Nothing, just laying in bed
[Denaun:] Why?
[Maxine:] I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you step away son, she got her face done
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!)

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this 
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hiding in your closet
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely

[Verse 3: 3]
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands
And said "Oh it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine two
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck
I said "Maxine check this out, 
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"
Got to the crib she let me in
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things"
What the fuck are you doing?
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work
Before I hit it she said
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok"
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"
I got up out

[Denaun:] Hey, Maxine
[Maxine:] What
[Denaun:] You thinking about sucking my dick?
[Maxine:] Yeah for a small price
[Denaun:] For a small price? What you mean?
[Maxine:] You know, money nigga
[Denaun:] You don't need no damn money, 
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.
[Maxine:] (laughing) What you, what you hear I got?
[Denaun:] AIDS
[Maxine:] (laughing) Who told you that bullshit?
[Denaun:] My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
[Maxine:] Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then
[Denaun:] Oh for real, it's like that?
[Maxine:] (laughing) Well I ain't got shit, 
so he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me, 
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga
[Denaun:] Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you
[Maxine:] No, see.. 
[Denaun:] You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
[Maxine:] Hold on, why it ain't even like that
[Denaun:] I want ya'll to get paid, fucking..
[Maxine:] (laughing as the phone hangs up)
[Intro]
Og my goodness! What have I done? Oh no, I can't believe it! It's like I got the whole world in my palm, and I'm ready to drop bombs...

[Verse 1]
Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca Rebecca
it's the village in New York, right next to the Tribeca
that's my sector, homosexual dissector
come again, rewind selector
I said nice rectum, I had a vasectomy Hector
so you can't get pregnant if I bi-sexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lecterin the guy section I betcha
I tantalize ya and in less than five seconds I get ya
they say once bitten then twice shy well lie next ta
the guywith nine ectasy pills and five extra
boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities why, yes sir
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser
that's my kinda vibe, what else should I try Lester?
Drop kick the bitch before her second trimester
perform the home abortion with Dexter then I guess I'll
dig her fetus out with a wire hanger then digest her

[Chours]
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pen
how should I begin it and where does it all end?
The world is just my medicine ballyou're all in
I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin now hand me the pen
how should I begin it and where does it all end?
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball friends

[Verse 2]
All my Westside bithces throw it up
put a balloon inside your pussy, queef and blow it up
man I think that he just fell off the deep end sho' enough
so ya better change the station to keep from throwing up
man, you seen it all before you're all too familiar with it
there's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it
you know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't
I wont rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole you kidding?
I'll pee on Rihanna, see man I do what i wanna
spray perfume in the sauna room crazy gluin' Madonna
to the Lazy Boy sofa, fold her in two then sit on her
imagine the visual for tahat man, who woulda thought I
could ever be such a relentless prick unleashing his vengeance
but the chick's so old she looks like she out-lived a life sentence
I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
if you weren't so defensive, it wouldn't be- your so sensitive

[Chours]
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pen
how should I begin it and where does it all end?
The world is just my medicine ballyou're all in
I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin now hand me the pen
how should I begin it and where does it all end?
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball friends

[Verse 3]
Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
kick it up and push him and lead him right into qiuckstand
here you need a hand, big man? Grab a hold of this branch
with both hands man they don't understand, I'm just a sick man
now everybody's pissed at me
like its my fault his name rhymes with so many different words, jeez
so one last time Mr. Christopher Reeves
won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse please
"Eminem I'm coming to kill you
I've always hated you and I still do
you'll never fill my shoes, my Superman costume
doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you
you're taking this shit too far
who do you think you are? Hang mu suit up in the armoire
everyday I hate you more and more
throw down the cardboard let's breakdance if you think your hardcore"

[Chours]
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin, now hand me the pen
how should I begin it and where does it all end?
The world is just my medicine ballyou're all in
I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again
let's begin now hand me the pen
how should I begin it and where does it all end?
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball friends
Once again it's the sinister cynical minister Shady
Kryptonite to Superman he's a dentist to Amy
Administer of the pain
Just finished huffin the paint and muffler the fumes 
Like it was nothin because it ain't
Anything in his his way
His enemies he just slays
His venom he sprays
Reaches like beams of energy rays
Menecing stance
He plans making the hairs all on the back of your neck stand
Like Dracula yep
Spectacular rep he's a tarantula
Gargantuan yeah Angela
So I command you to start dancin
Part Manson part Hannibal
Part mechanical shark throwin
Animal parts at Scarlett Johannson
Enter my gas chamber
Ya gangster? my ass
He's got his fangs to your neck
He's set to strangle your ass hater
Your facin a task greater
He's chasin your ass
He's got his face in a mask
And blood stains on his glass table

I'm checking the exposure
of photos and be exposing
Myself locked inside of a cozy hotel posing
With or without clothing
Next to the decomposing
Bodies eroding while I'm dosing off
Overdosing
Windows opening shutting
Doors opening closing
I think there's a ghost
Too much hydrocodone and codeine
I was only supposed to swallow half
I took the whole thing
I'm not joking
I think I just snorted my nosering
I need a drink I'm standing over the sink hosing
Myself self loathing cause I'm on the brink closely
I don't wanna think
These'll make everything rosy
Beverly sings Scream while I'm severing Three toesies
Totally frozen while I close in
I'm Jodeling Rosyyyyyy won't you come out to play
No sense wasting time
Cutting and pasting headlines of the papers
Making shrines of my crimes and capers
My world's a whirlwind
I murdered my girlfriends
Go to Europe and put neruphins in my syrup
And stirred them
You've never heard them, like this
So don't encourage them
The neurosurgen coke mirrors and lyrics worsen
The kind of person to get Katie Curic to curse and
Eighty spirits of ladies get Shady murdered the virgins
Crazy turn of events the day he emerged
Took over the world, and reeled in all the children 
Lured em﻿ into the building and killed em 
Buried them in the mud and mildew 
And he will do what he feels
And still can spit drawin the gold like Rumplestilskin
Cotton and silk, Motrin and Tylenol three pills
The Real Slim Shady's entered the buildin
Nothin but crumpled leaves and tumbleweeds up in this bitch, Mildred
He's ill with it he still shouldn't be healed
There's no one as sick as he
Emcees will get friction on the grill that
My mom sent me up to the store with a food stamp
For a pack of cigarettes and a book at the news stand
Two dudes ran up and jumped out of a blue van
I looked down at the ground and picked up a huge branch
I swung it at the first dude, the other one with 'em
Seen it snap so fast it looked like it broke before it hit 'em
So he tried to rush, I swept his legs, pinned him and bit 'em
He came back with 6 or 7 dudes screaming, "Get him!"
I grabbed one, lit him on fire, pinned him and bit him
The next faggot gave me his shoes like they didn't fit him
One by one, I just kept dropping them in a rhythm
Then I woke up swinging in the middle of the kitchen
Yeah
I know sometimes
Things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey
What'd Daddy always tell you?
Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip
What you cryin' about?
You got me

Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad
When I'm gone, but I'm tryin' to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry
'Cause you're scared, I ain't there
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more cryin', wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it
We gon' do it, Lainie—Uncle's crazy, ain't he?
Yeah, but he loves you, girl, and you better know it
We're all we got in this world, when it spins, when it swirls
When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls
Lookin' puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin' you
Daddy's always on the move, Momma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growin' up as Daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see, but you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us, I don't see us ever bein'
Together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then, of course, everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be, but it's just something
We have no control over, and that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream

Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright (Heh)

It's funny, I remember back one year when Daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree
And said some of 'em were from me 'cause Daddy couldn't buy 'em
I'll never forget that Christmas, I sat up the whole night cryin'
'Cause Daddy felt like a bum—see, Daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and Mom
And at the time, every house that we lived in
Either kept gettin' broken into and robbed or shot up on the block
And your mom was savin' money for you in a jar
Tryin' to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars, 'til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurts so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart
Mom and Dad was arguin' a lot, so Momma moved back
On to Chalmers in the flat, one-bedroom apartment
And Dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when Daddy went to California with his CD
And met Dr. Dre and flew you and Momma out to see me
But Daddy had to work, you and Momma had to leave me
Then you started seein' Daddy on the TV, and Momma didn't like it
And you and Lainie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rolling stone, Momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it firsthand
'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin' in this empty house
Just reminiscin', lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, guess you pretty much are, and Daddy's still here
Lainie, I'm talkin' to you too, Daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it?
Shh! Momma's only gone for the moment

Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright

And if you ask me to, Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'ma give you the world
I'ma buy a diamond ring for you, I'ma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'ma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat, don't fuck with Dad! (Ha-ha!)
[intro]
[laughing]
ay yo 50
what i tell you
we aint even have to say shit
they did it
[laughing]

[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum

[body]
it doesnt take much
for me to raise such a stink up
when motherfuckers hate your guts
you aint even gotta say much
for me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers
like smearing blood stains with a paint brush
i cant explain what it is my brain does
but however it works its insane
its plain nutz
and it aint just my brain thas dangerous
its a whole combination of things
it takes nutz
and im not affriad to raise the stakes up
i got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks
for anybody who gets on the track and spanks us
im patiently waiting for the day
im anxious
to see the look on ya fake mugs
when you thugs go bankrupt
ya drunk
ya aint tough
whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas
this is me talking motherfucker
this aint drugs
you wanna pop, shit wake-up, then make-up
FUCK THAT
its too late chump now face up
i pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay does
opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off
or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off
so i can blow the fuckin dust off of this chainsaw
and give him the surgery that he came for
till i pull the paint off
i never been shot
but i think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth
cause ive always came off
like ja's chain
when they try to rush him and lost
and came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it
i dont stop
the only thing i wait for
is day that i dont gotta report to probate court
cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more
cause ive been holding my tounge till i got a sprained jaw
alot of rappers on my list that just aint ja
and ima read that motherfucker off from april
you pussies think i went soft since 8 mile
when i come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls
trust me

[chorus]
monkey see monkey do
dont ever make the first move
just let em' come to you
cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do
so let em' come to you
the rest of us follow suit
monkey see monkey do
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum
if they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come
now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up
check-mate motherfucker
games over
we won
tweedle-de-tweedle-dum

[outro]
fuckin dummies
this aint chess
ya playin motherfuckin checkers
this shit is all day man its too easy
we playin chess you playin checkers
you bout to get ya motherfuckin asses jumped
fucking punks
and by the way
we aint just talking to one person
we talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it cause we bringin it to anybody who wants to bring it
so bring it
dot pick up the ball if you dot wanna pay man
its all fucked up now
the fuck im spose to do now?
huh?
the fuck im spose to do?
haha
yo, we out
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America 
And to the Republic for which it stands 
One nation under God 
Indivisible... 
It feels so good to be back... 

I scrutinize every word, memorize every line 
I spit it once, refuel, re-energize and rewind 
I give sight to the blind, my insight to the mind 
I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time 
It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as 
I say to fight, you take it as I'm a whip someone's ass 
If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask 
A father who has grown up with a fatherless past 
Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has 
Or at least shows no difficulty multi-task 
And in juggling both perhaps mastered his craft 
Slash entrepreneur who has held onto few more rap acts 
Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half 
Of his career typical manure moving past that 
Mr. kisses ass crack, he's a class act 
Rubber band man, yeah he just snaps back 

Chorus: 
Come along follow me as I lead through the darkness 
As I provide just enough spark that we need to proceed 
Carry on, give me hope, give me strength 
Come with me and I won't steer you wrong 
Put your faith and your trust as I guide us through the fog 
To the light at the end of the tunnel 
We gonna fight, we gonna charge, we gonna stomp, we gonna march 
Through the swamp, we gonna mosh through the marsh 
Take us right through the doors (c'mon) 

All the people up top on the side and the middle 
Come together let's all bomb and swamp just a little 
Just let it gradually build from the front to the back 
All you can see is a sea of people some white and some black 
Don't matter what color, all that matters we gathered together 
To celebrate for the same cause don't matter the weather 
If it rains let it rain, yeah the wetter the better 
They ain't gonna stop us they can't, we stronger now more than ever 
They tell us no we say yeah, they tell us stop we say go 
Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell we gonna let 'em know 
Stomp, push, shove, mush, Fuck Bush, until they bring our troops home (c'mon) 

Chorus 

Imagine it pouring, it's raining down on us 
Mosh pits outside the oval office 
Someone's trying tell us something 
Maybe this is god just sayin' we're responsible 
For this monster, this coward 
That we have empowered 
This is Bin Laden, look at his head noddin' 
How could we allow something like this without pumping our fists 
Now this is our final hour 
Let me be the voice in your strength and your choice 
Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise 
Try to amplify the times it, and multiply by six 
Ten million people are equal at this high pitch 
Maybe we can reach al-Qaida through my speech 
Let the president answer a higher anarchy 
Strap him with an Ak-47, let him go, fight his own war 
Let him impress daddy that way 
No more blood for oil, we got our own battles to fight on our own soil 
No more psychological warfare to trick us to thinking that we ain't loyal 
If we don't serve our own country, we're patronizing a hero 
Look in his eyes it's all lies 
The stars and stripes, they've been swiped, washed out and wiped 
And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die 
If I get sniped tonight you know why 
Cause I told you to fight 

Chorus 

And as we proceed 
To mosh through this desert storm 
In these closing statements, if they should argue 
Let us beg to differ 
As we set aside our differences 
And assemble our own army 
To disarm this Weapon of Mass Destruction 
That we call our President, for the present 
And mosh for the future of our next generation 
To speak and be heard 
Mr. President, Mr. Senator 
Do you guys hear us...hear us...
Mr. Mathers?
Mr. Mathers!
Mr. Mathers... Mr. Mathers can you hear my voice?
OK he's not responding
I'm gonna need an 18 gauge left AC right away


Uh, BP is 90 over 12, respiration's at 8
OK I'm tubing him


DMC this is medic 41


Medic 41, this is DMC base, go ahead


He's cold, spike him back and grab the back board


OK, got it, on 3... 1, 2, 3
Hu-let's move...
Intro [Bizarre]:
Detroit, Motown
Hey, guess what
They gave us a super bowl this year an you know what happened

Refren:
Robbin, shootin', killin',
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr)
Robbin, shootin', killin',
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr)

1 Zwrotka [Bizarre]:
Hennyed up, remmyed up, ski mask, black truck
Dickie outfit, passenger side (Pistol Grip Pump),
Fuck it i just did 2 lines
A chrome tec nine,
It'll tear out niggas spine
It's a party, go on in an have fun,
Cause after it's over all you goin' hear is
(gunshots)
Shootin', blassin',
Hittin' the floor, $10,000 in the safe,
Shit I'm about to score
Cause I'm dangerous off angel dust,
Shyt I'll bust, even the bitch that came wit us
An this is for my niggass that be robbin' an stealin', carjackin, murder one's
an fucken drug dealin's

Refren:

Robbin, shootin', killin'
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr)
Robbin, shootin', killin'
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr)

2 Zwrotka [Kuniva]:

I stumble in the club blowed,
9mm cocked, somethins' tellin' me to stop,
Fuck it, i aint see the cops
Niggas don't believe it
'till they see it's out,
Stupid motherfuckers wanna take a scenic route
Now the heaters out,
bitches scream like i pulled my penis out
Beggin' me to put that big motherfucker away,
But the demon's out
Everybody on the floor,
Come out of that mink,
Come out of them diamonds
And you come out of that valuer
Party is over, shut the fuck down,
Cut the music, matter of fact turn it back it up,
Shit i can use it
I need the noise,
In case i have to cummble of
Saw another icy chain,
Walked over an tugged it off
Gimme that buttersoft,
They say she buyin' out the bar,
You can buy my drinks for today an tomorrow
I'm out for the paper,
My homie better hide them jewels,
I'm in the game starvin' and ain't playin' by the rules, nigga

Refren:

Robbin, shootin', killin'
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr)
Robbin, shootin', killin'
Murder (Murder, murdeeeerrrr)

Outro [Eminem & 50 Cent]:
S-s-s-s-s-shady
Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands
But shit is in my hands, here's your life span
For what your life's worth this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and live a nice land
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
I want the whole plot, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets ya description an' sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cuz I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin' the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"
But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest

CHORUS 2x

Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out
Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin': "Son, go in and call the police
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And colliding with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "TRUCE TRUCE!"
Surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps

CHORUS 2x

CHORUS scratches to fade out
[Intro]
Yo, yeah girl,
Can you hear that? It’s playing our song..
Are you sleepy? Take a nap..
You’re not afraid of the dark? Are you.?

[Verse One]
You hear the beat as it makes ya not wanna go to sleep
I knock on Dakota’s door, its locked so I go to creep
round the back, with binoculars, not cause I wanna peep
But because I’m hungry she smells like tacos I wanna eat
Visions of hot chocolatey marshmallows all so sweet
With sugar plums, oh look here comes Marshall he’s on your street
He’s placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet
Now walk on ‘em, he’s dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek
Like a Thanksgiving turkey, or holiday ham
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam
Flavor my favorite graham crackers with John Bennet Rams
I guess a modern day Jack the Ripper is all that I am

[Chorus]
(My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box)
And when we’re Worlds apart, you mean the World to me (My music box)
If you call, I’ll come, I will answer (My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)
So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box)
Won’t you be my private little dancer (My music box)

[Verse Two]
I almost look comatose, who wants to be sober gross
I foam like a Doberman, mouth open I overdose
Put coke up my nostrils, in both my holes and I plug my nose
My pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged I know
I put on my mother’s make up, get naked and run around
Wavin’ the gun around, I think I’m down to a hundred pounds
There’s thunder, I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out
The devils upset with his wife, they must be sluggin’ it out
I must be buggin’ the f-ck out, but what the f-ck about?
Voices are leading me up to the attic, I love my house
They pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music box
Comes from inside a toy chest, but what do I do, it’s locked
I pick it and open it but it’s stuffed full of human parts
I dig till I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts
Its playing a song, so beautiful and the room is dark
The moon is full, I smell a funeral, guess I’ll loom in the park

[Chorus]
(My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box)
And when we’re Worlds apart, you mean the World to me (My music box)
If you call, I’ll come, I will answer (My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)
So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box)
Won’t you be my private little dancer (My music box)

[Verse Three]
I’m fixated on asphyxiating and breakin’ this little chick’s
Neck like a pixie stick
The sick Satan worshippin’, bitches get horse-whippins,
I’m in the back, through the back door, slip in
Through the crack leavin’ the corpse drippin’
The mortician of love, sent from above,
forced and treat em all
stingy I’ve become
Been doin’ this for more than a quarter century, I’m just numb
Am I dreamin’, is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns
The time has come to tie her up, gotta roll me the ladder
I’d had enough of the chatter, climb up to the window, look at her
then climb in and slowly shatter her brain matter and batter her
with the bat, a matter of fact that will splatter her
But before I do that, I’ll have a chat to flatter her
Give her two compliments, back-to-back, like Tabatha
I’m your secret admirer, I’m back to ravish ya
So strong is your fight, but your no match for Dracula
Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin’ her
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her
Zoom in with the lens, then pan back, the camera
Stand back, cuz here comes your man Jack, so Pamela

[Chorus]
(My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box)
And when we’re Worlds apart, you mean the World to me (My music box)
If you call, I’ll come, I will answer (My music box)
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)
So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box)
Won’t you be my private little dancer (My music box)
Yea, (oh, oh), yea yea, oh

I feel like dancing
I feel like dancing

I smell something in the air that's making me (high)
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high

Ok here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, I'm so la-di-da so
Lyrical rise flow, give back the tobasco
You mother fuckers mustsanot know the tic tac songs
Time to show you the mo kick ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick axe a sick asshole
She tac toe frozen six pack with exacto
Knives, strangling wives with pig lasso
Few bags of the the grass, zig zags, I'm with the doc so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison, the boys and girls who do not know
You do not want to try this at home my novato (novice)
This is niether the time or the place to get macho
So crack a six pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn, and watch the show and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, tho what you thought though
Bout time to you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke

It must be the ganja
It's the marijuana
What's screeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's gotten into me I don't mind

It must be the Ganja
It's the marijuana
What's screeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind

Your dreams of getting the pill, you are literally getting the chills
Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
You're submitting to skill, sitting still, I'm admitting, I'm beginning to feel
Like I don't think anyone's real,
Faced with a dilemma, I can be Dali Llama and become a bin gramma a step beyond a Jeffrey Dahmer
Please don't upset me mama, you lookin sexy mama,
Don't know if this the lala or the rum and pepsi mama
Don't want to end up inside my refrigerator freezer,
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza
How many people you know can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row,
Put em in chronological order beginning with Jack the Ripper,
Name the time and place from the body the bag the zipper,
Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped,
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model the make the plate
And which motel which lake they found her in,
And how they attacked the victim,
Say which murder weapon was used to do what and which one,
Which night it was done, what kid would write there was none,
So sloppy like this it's fun, the fuckin ecstasy goes

It must be the ganja
It's the marijuana
What's screeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's gotten into me I don't mind

It must be the Ganja
It's the marijuana
What's screeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind

When I'm behind a mic dynamite is what it's kinda like
Get stuck with that same stick that you're trying to light
Behind the boards is Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric syrup sign for your symptoms
Heres a dosage of the antidote now you give him some,
He can give her some, she can give him some
Get behind a lynn drum, make up a beat and kill the sucka syndrome
You're spitting drama when it comes to lyrics and penance I'm
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the end ending up
Capable of bringing a bullets a stillunbelievable bullets a
Titanium brain that's full of, surprises
When the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos eyes
Good evening, this ain't even a weed thing,
I didn't even smoke anything, I didn't even drink anything

It must be the ganja
It's the marijuana
What's screeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's gotten into me I don't mind

It must be the Ganja
It's the marijuana
What's screeping upon me while I'm so high
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me I don't mind
My First Single
Ohh!
Yeah!
So much for first single on this one

[Verse 1]
Shady's the lable
Aftermath is the stable
That the horses come out erra
Of course we're about to stir up
Some shit thick as ms. buttersworth's syrup
It's the mr. picked on Christopher Reeves
Just for no reason other than the just to tease him
Cause he was as big as He used to be Superman
Now we're pourin liquor on the curb in his name for him
Eminem you wait till' we meet up again
Fucker I'm kickin your ass for everything you've ever said
It's one for the money two for the fuckin show
Ready get set, let's go
Here comes the buckin broncos stompin and stampedin up the damn street
Like them buffalo soldiers, I told ya I'm bout' to blow
So look out below, geronimo, motherfuckers is dominos
I'm on a roll, around and around I go
When will I stop I don't know
Tryna pick up where the Eminem Show left off
But I know anything's possible
Though I'm not gonna top what I sold
I'm at the top of my game
That shit is not gonna change
Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team
I'll get away with murder
I'm like OJ, he's like my Cochran today
We keep the Mark Fuhurman tapes
In a safe, locked them away
Better watch what you say
Just when you thought you were safe
Them fuckers got you on tape
You swear to God you was playin
Whether or not you was little Joshua
Gosh I wish I coulda told you to not do the same
Cause one day it could cost you your name

[chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca

[Verse 2]
Erra Erra Eric swallowed some generic sleeping pills
And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derick bare naked
chicka chicka chicka ..
Jenene just turned 16 and used a fake id
To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly
Hehehehehe, to be so young and naive
Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and care free
Paris and Nikki's parents must be so tickled to cherish
Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks
Hickory Dickory Dirk Diggler
Look at me work wizardry with these words
Am I a jerk or just jerk chicken
Or Chicka chicka chicka chicka jer jer jerkin the chain
22 jerks and a jerk circle
Or is it a circle jerk or wait a minute
What am I sayin, allow me to run it back and rewind it
rrrbb lemme ask you again
Am I just jerkin the chain
Am I bizerk or insane
Or am I just one of them damn amateurs
Workin the damn camera filmin one of them
Paris Hilton home made pornos
Who keeps tiltin the lens at an angle
Chicka Chicka
Just recently somebody just discovered
Britney and Justin videotapes of them fuckin
When they were just mouseketeers in the Mickey Mouse club
And dusted them and went straight to The Source with them
Cause they coulda sworn someone said Nuh-
And then tried to erase and record over it
But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the
Uh Uh and then the come-to-find-out-it-was-Justin
Sayin 'I'm done-uh!'
Come on this was

[chorus]
supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca

[Verse 3]
Any opinions or somethin you just wanna get off your chest
And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it
All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number
It's 1-800-I'm a dick sucker I love to suck a dick
And if someone picks up you can talk all the shit you want about me
Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key
And I'll be sure to get back
As soon as there comes a day that I fall out with Dre
Wake up gay, make up with Ray (Hey!)
So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken,
Beat a chicken, eat a chicken like it's a big cock bawka-bi-kaw
Or suck a dick, and lick a dick and eat a dick
And stick a dick in your mouth
I'm done you can fuck off
fucka-fuck offf!

[chorus]
And this was supposed to be my first single
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Ah
erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Oh Ah Oh Ah
Poo Poo Ca Ca
[Intro:]
[Tuning Tv]
[Eminem Snortin Crack]

[Tv Presenter:]
Hello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships
Do you have a daddy?
I'll bet you do
[Door opens]
who's your daddy?

[Hailie:]
Daddy, what're you doing?

[Beat starts]

[Eminem:]
Haha

[Eminem & Hailie:]
Ok then! Everybody, listen up!

[Eminem:]
I'm goin to hell, who's comin' with me?

[Hailie:]
Somebody, please help him!
[giggle]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Verse #1:]
There's no mountain i can't climb
There's no tower too high,
No plane that i can't learn how to fly
What do i gotta do to get through to you, to show you
There ain't nothing i can't take this chainsaw to
[Hailey Makes Chainsaw Sound]
Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off, i got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autograph,
Sunglasses with elton john's name, on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, i been lying my ass off
All this time, me and dre been fucking with hats off

[Dr Dre:]
Suck it Marshall

[Eminem:]
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before i push this motherfucking button and blast off
And launch one of these russians, and blast off
[Hailie Makes Explosion Sound]
Blow every fucking thing, except afghanistan on the map, off
when will it stop? when will I knock the crap off?
[Knocking]
Hailie, tell'em baby

[Hailie:]
My dad's lost it

[Chorus:]
[Eminem:]
There's really nothin' else to say I, i can't explain it

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
A little help from hailie jade won't you tell em' baby
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
Theres nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Eminem:]
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even halie

[Hailie:]
I think my dad gone crazy!

[Verse #2:]
It's like my mother always told me
[Eminem Impersinates His Mom]
Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana,
and codeine and goddamit, you little motherfucker
If you aint got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
uh..
Fuck that shit, bitch, eat a motherfuckin' dick
Chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy
And have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose
Then quit bringin my flows, quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why i'm so mean? if y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my
m.o.
I wouldn't have to go eenie meenie minie mo
Catch a homo by his toe, man i don't know no more
Am i the only fuckin one who's normal any more?

[Hailie:]
Dad

[Chorus]

[Verse #3:]
My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
And at the same time, make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
see what you're seeing is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work, so it's easy to misinterpret it at first,
Cuz when i speak, it's tongue in cheek
I'd yank my fuckin teeth before id ever bite my tongue
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as vanilla ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit, every time i sung
Like r kelly as soon as "bump n' grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl inside of a
plane
Aimed at the world trade, standin' on ronny's grave,
Screaming at the sky, till clouds gather as clyde mathers and bonnie jade
And thats pretty much the gist of it,Parents are pissed, but the kids love
it
Nine millimeter, heater stashed, in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, i wouldn't let hailie listen to me neither

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
[Eminem:]
Crazy

[Hailie:]
Ha ha
You're funny daddy!
[Intro]
*Yawns
Yeah, look

[Verse 1]
If I woulda rap about the crap that's out
That's the route you probably want me to take
Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers
If I was to say something about Paul Wall, you'd probably crap in your
Pants, cause I'm white, and he's white, so he's like
My competition I mean, right?
Nope, Paul Wall is dope
And so's Bubba, so BLALALALAPFFTTTTT
B-b-b-b-b-but, I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali
Shuffle, and dance around my opponents, you don't
Sometime's I just play possom, Like I'm asleep that's awesome
I'm like a sleeping Giant, and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite Ray
Sink my teeth in him and fill him, full of poison
And make a noise like snake before I kill him
And let him know that I just don't feel him
And smack him with the backward E, the Eminem emblem
Always thought if you was gonna murder somebody you should face em
Tell em why, look them dead in the eye, then waste em
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
And swallow the shell of the hollow who dwell
And the shadows of all who are willing to sell
Their souls, for this rap game, and it g-g-goes
123, 123, 123, that ain't the hook, now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me
Everybody bores me, they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers "Come nearer"

[Chorus]
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

[Verse 2]
"Shady, I know you're in there, so where? Come here
Talk to me, sit here, pull up a chair
Why don't you gotcha hair? Hahahahaha
Dye it back, come on, try it" AHHHHHHHHH
No, I told you, leave me the fuck alone will you?
"But I'm here to rebuild you", But I already killed you!
"But Shady, we were meant for eachother
Think about your mother", yeah so what of her?
"Well think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes...", Fuck you motherfucker!
I had you beat "No I was playin' possom, remember?
I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time, your souls mine
I'm taking it back", you fucking bitch WHY?!
"Because I love you, look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster? haha"

[Chorus]
My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

[Verse 3]
"Shady, listen... "SHADY!", you hear that?
They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back"
But I don't want it back! "Yes you do..."
No I don't! "Yes you do, you're gonna regret it later!"
No I won't! "I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the doctor"
Go ahead, I already talked to, Dre yesterday
"Well I got him on the phone right now!"
You're lying, "yo slim", HOW, WHY NOW?!
Whatup Dre? "Check this out Slim, I gotta talk to ya
I don't know, it just seems every since you got off ya
Drugs, you became alot softer"
But Dre, all Shady is is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
"Well, just think about it Slim, I'm here
Just hit me back, and let me know what's up"
Fuck this mirror! AHHHHHHH
"I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you, let me guide you"
Fuck you, die you son of a bitch
"Put the gun down", BYE BYE!
Ok I'm still alive, "So am I too!
You can kill a spirit, even if you tried to
Haha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you?
You remember that night you, prayed to god
You'd give anything to get a record deal, well Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life Marshall, right through
Look at this house, look at these cars, I'm so nice, wooo!
Oh, but you didn't know, fame has a price too
That you're just now seeing the downside to
Lose your best friend from highschool, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without Nyquill
Become a valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall..." WHAT! "no one's gonna love you like I do!"


[Chorus]

My Darling, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I said, I don't ever want you to leave me
My Darling, you and me were meant to be together
My Darling, and if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my
My Darling, cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your bod
[Eminem does the voices of all characters in the song]

[G - Eminem as Susan (the girl)]
[D - Eminem as Dave]
[J - Eminem as John]

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

I never meant to give you mushrooms girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
Now you sitting in the corner crying
And now it's my fault my fault

[Eminem]
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
with first aid tape and raped on the first date
Susan -- an ex-heroin addict who just stoped usin.was into bosse and
alternative music. told me she was about to use it agzin. I said wiat first
try this hallucionagin, its better than heroin and the the booze and the gin.
come here lets go in here. Who's in the den? (It's me and Kelly) my bad! lets
try another room "I don't trust you" shut up slut chew up this mushroom. this
will get you in touch with your roots. We'll get bare-foot but naked and run
in the woods. "oh hell might as well try 'em this party is so drag." Oh dag I
didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag! (huh)
[Chorus:]
[1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end]
[2nd repeat same as original Chorus]

"Yo Sue!"
[G] Get away from me, I don't know you
Oh shoot, she's tripping..
[G] I need to go puke!! (Bleahh!)
I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature.
Susan stop crying i don't hate ya. the worlds not against you I'm sorry your
father raped ya. So what, you had your poochie in your dad's mouth. Thats no
reason to start wiggin and spaz out.
she said "Help me I think I'm having a seisure!"
I said "I'm high too (bitch) Quit grabbin my T-shirt (let go!)
Would you calm down you're startin to scare me.
she said " I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married. I don't have any
kids and I can't cook"
I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look!
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrooms as you ate.

[Chorus:]
[1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line and "It was an accident!" at the end]
[2nd repeat same as original Chorus]
Susan (wait!) Where you goin? You better be careful
[G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled
I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue
Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb
I'll be right back just chill baby please?
I gotta go find Dave he's the one who gave me these.
"John, where's Dave at before I bash you?"
[J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude!
"Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants
choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left
of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?"
[D] Well it depends on how many you had? I took three she ate the other
twenty-two caps Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs,drinking lysol.
"She's gonna die dude." I know and it's my fault!
My god!
[Chorus:]
[1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line and "What do I do?" at the end]
[2nd repeat same as original Chorus]
My God, I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up!
Please! Please wake up!! What are you doing?!
You're not dead!! You're NOT dead!
I know you're not dead!
[Intro]
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah...
Okay... Aight aight aight aight aight aight
Yo yo... Alright I'ma lay the chorus first...
Here we go now!

[Chorus]
My mom loved valium, and lots of drugs
that's why I am like I am cause I'm like her
because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
that's why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom

[Verse 1]
My mom my mom, I know you're probably tired of hearing 'bout my mom, oh-ho whoa-ho
but this is just a story of when I was just a shorty and how I became hooked on va-al-ium
valium was in everything, food that I ate
the water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate
she sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
so every day I'd have at least three stomach aches
now tell me, what kinda mother would wanna see her
son grow up to be an under-a-fucking-chiever
my teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
what the fuck you sticking gum up under the fucking seat for
Mrs. Mathers your son has been huffin' ether
either that or the motherfuckers been puffin' reefer
but all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
it was neither, I was buzzin' but it wasn't what she thought
pee in a tea cup? Bitch you ain't my keeper
I'm sleepin', what the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for?
slut, you need to leave me the
fuck alone I ain't playing, go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra

[Chorus]
My mom loved valium, and lots of drugs
that's why I am like I am cause I'm like her
because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
that's why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom

[Verse 2]
Wait a minute, this ain't dinner this is paint thinner
"you ate it yesterday I ain't hear no complaints did I?
now here's a plate full of pain killers, now just wait 'till I
crush the valium and put it in your potatoes ya'
little motherfucker! I'll make ya sit there and make that re-
tarded fucking face without even tastin' it
you better lick the fuckin' plate you ain't wastin' it
put your face in it, 'fore I throw you in the basement again
and I ain't givin' in, your gonna just sit there in one fuckin' place finnickin' 'til next Thanksgivin' and
if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
then when i make spinach dip it'll be placed in the shit
you little shit wanna sit there and play innocent?
a rack fell and hit me it K-mart and they witnessed it
child support your father he ain't sent the shit
and so what if he did, it's none of your dang business kid!"

[Bridge]
My mom, there's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
but she's the reason why I am high on what I'm high on
becuz

[Chorus]
My mom loved valium, and lots of drugs
that's why I am like I am cause I'm like her
because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
that's why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom

[Bridge]
My Mom love valium, now all I am is a party animal
I am what I am, But I'm strong to the finish, with my valium spinach
But my buzz only last about 2 minutes!
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewing it
I can't even write a rhyme without you in it, my valium
My vaaaaaaaaliuuuuummmmmmmm oooohhhhhh

[Verse 3]
Man I never thought that I could ever be
a drug addict naw, fuck that I can't have it happen to me
but that's actually what has ended up happening
a tragedy, the fuckin' past ended up catchin' me
and that's probably where I got acquainted with the taste ain't it
pharmecuticals are the bomb ma beautiful
she killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
feed it a fuckin' asprin and say that it has a headache
"here want a snack you hungry you fuckin' brat?
look at that it's a Xanax take it and take a nap
eat it "but I don't need it, "well fuck it then break it up
take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up"
alright ma you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop and gobble it, and start wobblin'
stumble hobble tumble slip trip then I fall in bed
with a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobble head

[Chorus]
My mom loved valium, and lots of drugs
that's why I am like I am cause I'm like her
because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
that's why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom

[Outro]
My Mom, I'm just like her
My Mom, My Mom, My Mom... My Mom, My Mom, My Mom... My Mom, My Mom, My Mom.. My Mom, My Momma
My Mommy, I'm like my momma...
Sorry Mom! I still love ya low! *Kiss*
Dr. Dre 2010, and this shit is hella hard homie, now take us on outta here. WOOOOO!
Hi! My name is... (what?) My name is... (who?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady
Hi! My name is... (huh?) My name is... (what?)
My name is... [scratches] Slim Shady

Ahem... excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

Hi kids! Do you like violence? (Yeah yeah yeah!)
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh!)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah yeah!)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse that my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Ummmm...)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man you wasted!"
Well since age twelve, I've felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
C'mere slut! (Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl dog!)
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off!

My English teacher wanted to flunk me in Junior High
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be thirty-five
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of papers (Owwwwwwww!)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in her tip cup
Extraterrestrial runnin' over pedestrians
In a space ship while they screaming at me: "LET'S JUST BE FRIENDS!"
Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn!)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh thank you!)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans (Aaahhhhhh!)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
(Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it: 'Dear Dave, thanks for the support, ASSHOLE!'

Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, OPERATE!
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that!)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive (Huh yup!)
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka - dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk (hachhh-too)
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (C'mere)
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breast feed me mom? (Wah!)
You ain't got no tits! (Wahhh!)
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (BANG!)
I'm steaming mad (Arrrggghhh!)
And by the way when you see my dad? (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat, in this dream I had
[Eminem]
This motherfucker here, just wont shut up will you?
Talk about I owe you, bitch you owe me
Promote me right now
Man lets put the nail in his coffin

[Chorus]
I dont want to be like this
I dont really want to hurt no feelins
But Im only bein real when I say nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap nope
Old men have heart attacks
and I dont want to be responsible for that so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity

[verse 1]
I would never claim to be no great Benzino
an 83 year old fake Pachino
So how can he hold me over some balcony
without throwin his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me
Please dont, you'll probably fall with me
and our asses will both be history
But then again you'll finnally get your wish
cuz you'll be all over the street like 50 Cent
Fuckin punk pussy fuck you chump
gimme a one-on-one see if I don't fuck you up
Tryin to jump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up
And you put Jada on a track thats how much you suck
dick in the industry, swear that you in the streets hustlin
You sit behind a fuckin desk at The Source butt-kissin
and beggin motherfuckers for guest appearences
and you can even get the clearances cuz real lyricists
dont even respect you or take you serious
Its not that we dont like you, we hate you - period
Talk about a mid-life crisis damn
last week you was shakin Obie Trice's hand
Now hes a busta? What the fucks with that?
Get on a track dissin us kissin 50's ass
and askin me what I know about inditements-bite me
bitch I got two cases, and probation - fight me!
What do I know about standin in front of a judge like a man
ready to take whatever sentence he hands
What you know about your wife slicin her wrists
right in front of the only thing you have in this world - a little girl?
And I put that on her, when this is all over
I would never try to make her a star and eat off her
I dont know shit about no shoppin rocks
But what you know about hip-hop shops rockin spots?
When your the only white boy in that bitch just rippin
pressin up your own flyers and your stickers stickin
them bitches up after spendin six hours at Kinkos
Just makin copys of your covers of casette singles
and sell them out the trunk of your Tracer
Spendin your whole paycheck at Disc Makers
What you know about bein bullied over half your life?
Oh thats right, you know what thats like, your half white
Vanilla Ice,spill the beans and rice, Im eaten you alive inside
Jesus Christ, if your that much of a gangster, put the mic down
You should be out killin motherfuckers right now
Kill a motherfucker dead, kill'em dead bitch
Shoot'em in the fuckin head, go ahead bitch
Slap my mom, slap the fuck outa her!
She cant sue you, she wouldn't get a buck out of you
Cuz your broke as fuck you suck your a fuckin joke
If you was really sellin coke, well then what the fuck
you stop for dummy? If you slew some crack
you'd make alot more money than you do from rap
You never had no security, you'll never be famous
You'll never now what its like to be rich, lifes a bitch aint it?
Raymond, here, let me break this shit down in lamens
terms for you just to make sure that you can understand this
and Canibus they usin too many complicated fuckin words for you
Here then let me slow it down for you
so you can understand if I say it slower:
Let it go dawg it's over

[Chorus]

[Eminem talkin]
Haha
Talkin bout I have motherfuckers callin your crib
bitch you aint even got a fuckin crib
You aint even got a fuckin phone, fuckin punk
Threatened to shut me down at your little fuckin Source magazine
if I come back then you would attack me, bitch you attacked me first
take it like a man and shut the fuck up
and fuck your little magazine too
I dont need your fuckin magazine, I got XXL number anywayz
And yall cant stand it cuz there gettin bigger than yall
oh, and by the way, howed I look on the VMAs?
When you was watchin me from whatever fuckin TV you was watchin me from in Boston
The mean streets of Boston, fuckin sissy
Like you got us scared in the motherfucker, suck our motherfuckin dicks
Oh, and for those thats dont know, dont get it twisted yo, the Source has a white owner
[Verse 1: P!nk]
You're drunk, the carpet is burned
I hate to find you like this
I always find you like this
I come home and clean up your mess
What would you do without that
Why do I always come back
Oh
What I wouldn't do for you

[Hook: P!nk]
And I start to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I start to think that maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me

[Verse 2: P!nk]
Some nights I wanna run for the hills
It's never easy with you
I cannot reason with you
But your smile as rare as it comes
What would I do without that
Maybe that's why I come back
Oh
What I wouldn't do for you

[Hook: P!nk]
And I start to think maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I start to think maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Starting to think we were made for each other
But one of us in this relationship is raising the other
You remind me of my mother
We drive one another as crazy as each other
And we're both adults so there's no excuse for the games we play with each other
Where you at? At a friend's?
No, you ain't, motherfucker
But I give her the benefit of the doubt
Whenever the doubt kicks in, shiver
When I touch her, cause I love her so much, I'm a sucker
How her bottom lip can quiver when she's in trouble, she's in hot water
Think I caught her cheating again
Give her another chance? Another one after that?
I'm swimming in that Egyptian River cause I'm in denial
Say I don't need shit, but I have a shit-eating grin when I smile
Making an excuse for us to act it out
She's just acting out, with her inner child
Then I set the truth on fire
Cause I'd rather believe a lie then breathe a sigh of relieve that I don't believe in
Going to bed mad
I keep on trying to make a bad girl good
But have a nice goodbye, you in good times
In bed, I'm starting to feel like you're god damn dead
Cause I literally feel like you could die of a "should I?"
Leave me for good? You never would
Never understood why they call it goodbye
But I think I'm a pretty damn good guy
And I think you're a good person, too
I can save you, I can make you change
But I keep putting my fuckin foot in my mouth
Every time I come to bail you out of the trouble you get yourself in
I miss trouble but I can't leave
I'd never sell you out
I'd never turn my back on you
What the fuck is that?
I'm co-dependant
I'm just now noticing it
But how every time I go to end it I don't have the cahoney's to do it
Nor the heart, uh, department store
You're using my heart for a dart board
But God must've had a non-stop score cause somebody paired us up
But people say he ain't capable of making a mistake
But this one's perfect 'cause I'm

[Hook: P!nk]
And I start to think maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
And I start to think maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Maybe you need me
Hey what up man?
What up god?
Ya heard?
Chillen, cold as hell
Yes it is, hey Busta didn't come here did he?
No, hey look, you got fifteen cent?
Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke
We gotta go to the store alright man quick cause I'm short
Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store?
Nah, look..
You should just, how much you got there?
I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar know what I mean..
Just throw it in there they ain't gonna know
You know what look, I'm sick of taking this damn bus everywhere man
You gotta make some moves or something
I know look, I'm trying to get rich,
I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car,
you know what I'm saying?
I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms
Look hey, we gotta make some hit records or something,
you know what I'm saying? Cause I'm tired of being broke

[Eminem]
Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern
And dream of having a turn to earn money to burn
Mapping out my strategies to get rich huh
My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched huh
Cause man I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free
Nothing's different to me, so what, it's easy to see
I'll be the prisoner to flee, all of this misery
I'm not wishing to be another fish in the sea
But just an MC, so listen to me, but if you disagree
You missing the key, you ain't even in the brisk of the tea
Unconditionally my aspects to cash checks
My objects were never to swab decks
It's up to you the decision is yours
If what you vision is tours, or a mission less course
When shit is in the stores, cause you can be a star

[Chorus]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh

You know what I'm saying, see what I'm talking about man?
Cause that's it
Yeah
A million dollars ain't even that far away man
Yo we got to get the money man, I can't be broke for the rest of my life
Yeah I hear what your saying,
look there's got to be something better, you know what I'm saying?
I can't live like this for the rest of my life man,
bumming rides everywhere I go
Yeah, what's up with Lexus' and Land cruisers'?

[Eminem]
Yo I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handling business
I'm canceling Christmas to gamble and risk this
Financial interest is the matter at hand
I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand
I grab what I can and do what I must
Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just choose
The few that I trust, thems the people that I still got
Fuck with gangsta fill pot, get your grill shot
The 5 Elemantz for life my man Thyme
Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through into time
My crews true and divine, we never fronted
We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred
Instead of hunted or being wanted as fugitives
It's all about a man planning what his future is
What he can do for his to be a star

[Chorus]
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
>From revenue huh, cause you can be king
You can rule the world, you can do anything
It's on you baby, cause you can be a star
No matter wherever you are, you're never too far
From revenue huh

That's what I'm talking about, I'm not trying to be the player,
I'm trying to be the man, I'm want to be President
Yo forgot that President man I'm trying to be king,
making dead presidents, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Getting money anytime I want owning my own businesses and all that,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I'm trying to be a millionare man, hahaha, but don't all you know
You only live once
ninety six baby
[Eminem]
There's not much you could do or say to phase me
People think I'm a little bit crazy
I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie'll
Have to step in every once in a while to save me
To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things
Sometimes I forget what other people just may think
A lot of rappers finally wouldn't know how to take me
If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erase me
I maybe a little too fast paced and racy
Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me twenty times
cuz I say so many rhymes, it may seem like I'm goin too fast cuz my mind is racing
And I could give a fuck what category you place me
Long as when I'm pushing up daisies and gone
As long as you place me amongst one of them greats
When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z
For every single die hard fan who embraced me
I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me
And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me
Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me
In the neighborhood daily, they jumped and chased me
It only made me what I am today, see
Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me
You ain't gonna make or break me
Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G
You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening
Cuz sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me
And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving to say to me
You had all this time to think about it
Now don't pussy out and try to wimp out, face me
Cuz I've been patiently waiting for the day
That we finally meet in the same place to see

[Nate Dogg]
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees i eat up
Ooh , it's never enough

No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees i eat up
Ooh ooh, it's never enough

[50 Cent]
My flow's untouchable now you gotta face it
Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics
You go say the wrong shit and get your face split
The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it
The spot my talk, it blaze a direct hit
Graze it, your peace talk, save it
You shit sounds dated, you're overrated
I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you mutherfuckers
If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse
Soldier trained to destroy, you payin' attention boy?
I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it
To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic
My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it
Chew it or pop it, roll a bag of the chocolate
Get your high over and over, but you gotta cop it
When it's hot, it's hot
Your hatin' is undeniable, stop it

[Nate Dogg]
No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees i eat up
Ooh , it's never enough

No matter how many battles I been in and won
No matter how many magazines on my nuts
No matter how many emcees i eat up
Ooh ooh, it's never enough
[Verse 1]
I could be with anybody, I choose you
Still, it's no excuse to abuse you
But no one knows what I'm goin' through, so I used you
To be truthful, I wouldn't know what to do if I lose you
So I refuse to, might have a screw loose and a fuse blew
But I think I might be buildin' up a tolerance to you
'Cause one minute I'm hollerin', "Screw you"
Next I take it back, guess you can say I'm tryna unscrew you
But the shit's about to pop off, yeah, I feel you up
Then I got you totally open as soon as I take your top off
You're so hard to resist, you knock my socks off
My friends say you're bad for me, hogwash

[Chorus]
I'll never love again
The way I loved you
Did you find someone new?
Are you doin' this with them?
'Cause I remember when
Still remember when you was mine, yeah
We were inseparable at one time, yeah
You know my love for you was undying, yeah
You used to always have my back

[Verse 2]
Some days it feels like you're all that I have
That's why I'm tryna hold onto you for as long as I can
And you just want me for my money so I got you wrapped all in saran
Damn, talk about eatin' out the palm of my hand
But if not for my financials
I wouldn't have you anyways, there have been ample
Plenty days, where I'm just in a daze and I can't pull
Myself up out this rut and you're so much of a handful
I can only take so much of you all at one time
Because too much of you's just too much to swallow sometimes
Gotta take you in doses, but when you're not at my side
I shake in convulsions, separation anxiety 'cause we may be the closest
Yeah, baby we hopeless, don't we make an atrocious
Combination? We know, it's like playin' with explosives
Quite dangerous though, but my brain's in hypnosis
Such a wide range of emotions
Migraines, but why the fuck am I takin' these MOTRINs?
Ibuprofens, like a drop of rain in the ocean
And you're my fix on the days when I'm broken
But the shit's about to go sideways, I just know it

[Chorus]
I'll never love again
The way I loved you
Did you find someone new?
Are you doin' this with them?
'Cause I remember when
Still remember when you was mine, yeah
We were inseparable at one time, yeah
You know my love for you was undying, yeah
You used to always have my back

[Verse 3]
So I spiral downwardly 'cause I'm too cowardly to leave you
Head is clouded in a fallacy, but in reality
Somehow it seems like when I lay me down to sleep I'm counting sheep
You're bound to creak
'Cause every time I turn around, you keep runnin' out on me
You're my Xanax and my valium, I'm an addict you're a downer
You're my habit, it's like I found you in the cabinet
But it's like I can't uncap it 'cause it's childproof
A scoundrel and fiends how I feel around you
Awful, every time I lost you, felt like I had you in my pocket
Now I'm flippin' over the furniture, punchin' holes in the walls through
Everything that we've gone through
How many times you've fucked me
But the way it felt for me to be on top when I was on you
Swore my fealty, but word to G.O.D
I thought you loved me, but you tried to kill me, I'm getting off you
Quit callin' for me, hard proof's how I respond to
The Ambien and Tylenols too
Fuck all you

[Outro]
Fuckin' bitch
We're done
[Chorus: Jessie Reyez]
You're such a nice guy, a nice guy
You're faithful, you don't lie
After the club, you go back home right
Right, sike

[Post-Chorus: Jessie Reyez]
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man
I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man

[Verse 1: Jessie Reyez & Eminem]
I hop in your whip and take a sip then I gun it
I don't, I don't got much self control, I hope that you run it
I'm bipolar with the switch up just as quick like you cumin'
I don't, I don't got much self control, I hope that you run it
I'm not a cheater, but if I'ma be accused, might as well be
You tell me you'll take me back when hell freezes, but females be Rushin' me outside my tele, temptation overwhelms me
Like my monthly bill from Sprint, they chargin' me for a selfie
Chargin' me, so I gave my hotel key
Eh, I was tryna be nice

[Chorus: Jessie Reyez & Eminem]
You're such a nice guy, a nice guy
You're faithful, you don't lie
After the club, you go back home right
Right, sike

[Post-Chorus: Jessie Reyez & Eminem]
Suck my dick, you fucking suck bitch
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man
I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck
Suck my dick, you fucking suck man

[Verse 2: Jessie Reyez & Eminem]
I play your music while you suffer like I'm Carmichael
You tied up in the basement while I chill on your sofa
La proxima yo se que mejor me quedo sola
Estas de buenas que yo ya vendí mi pistola
I'm an emotional wreck, weak, everything over affects me
When you joke it upsets me, you say I'm no good at sex
And you think I'm gross and unsexy
I need scope 'cause my breath stinks
You hope that I choke on a Pepsi
Bitch you was supposed to correct me
Been texting you since three, I still get no fucking reply
You say you sleep alone, but yet your mattress is king size
Fuck you going in those knee high boots, cut it out bitch
I doubt that you're going to house sit in that outfit, no skin tight Levi's
Every word that comes out your mouth's a fucking lie
Oh, it's spring time, time for you to have a fling like a slingshot
You say "don't come over" 'cause you got pink eye
But I think I got just the thing
Why don't I bring my fucking bat and just swing by
[Intro] (50 Cent) 
I love niggas! I love niggas! 
Cause niggas are me! 
And I should only love that 'presents me 
I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!) 
I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again) 
And to all niggas that do it I love 

[Eminem] 
I got 50 Cent 
I got G-Unit 
D-Twizzy's in this bitch 
With Obie Triiiiice 
So watch what you say 
Before you call our name 
If you say one more thing 
It won't be nice 

Here we go 
I shoulda known 
I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit sooner or later 
You little haters are too jellous of us to love us 
You ain't it 
G-Unit made it 
And Obie's comin 
D-Twizzy's comin 
You sick to your stomach 
50% is 50-Cent 
The other 50% is who's color skin it is 
Well if you're even considering takin our label down 
You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it 
But I ain't tryin to get too intriqette into it 
I'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit 
Cuz then it's gunna get to the point where it escalates into some other shit 
Then Im a flip 
Then Im a get to stompin in my Air Force One's 
Won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one 
It's gunna feel like there's so many feet kickin you 
You think that Nike just made these into cleat tennis shoes 
I don't know what it is or what it could be 
But I get a woody when these pussy's try to push me 
Thinkin they gon' put me in the position to pickle me 
Ya'll tickle me pink 
I think I'd just rather have pink tiggle me 
Hickory dickory dock tickoty tock tickety a little bit of the diggity dock diggity 
Mixed with a little bit of the jiga jig jiga 
With a small pinch of Biggie 
Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggity 

We the realest label 
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
Cuz we gon' fuck around and kill your label 
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, Shady Records, we the label fa sho 
We the realest label 
Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
We gon' fuck around and steal your people 
Obie, D-Twizzy, G-Unit, 50, we gonna kill your fuckin label 4-sho 

[Verse: B.I.G.] 
Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick 
And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get 
With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees 
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's 
Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots 
On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you 
Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos 
Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose 
Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox 
Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks 
Just in case a nigga wanna act out 
I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out 
That's a real nigga for ya 

[Chorus: 50 Cent] (2x) 
We the realest nigga 
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga 
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga 
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga 
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho! 

(Eminem) 
Shady in the place to be seen 
And I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT! 
Still watch what you say to me punk cuz I'm off probation in less then 6 MONTHS! 

[Verse: B.I.G.] 
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths 
Just in case dread wanna riff 
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very 
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried 
That's a real nigga for ya 
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer 
Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say 
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway 
Up North found first stop for the town 
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill 
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover 
Ha hahhh, yo G, pass the ruler 

[Chorus](2x) 
We the realest nigga 
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga 
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga 
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga 
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho! 

[Verse: 50 Cent] 
When I was young my M.O. was to go hail the Henny 
And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man 
I cut ya new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can" 
Don't let your people feel your awkward 
I tame I'm not lame 
Get gassed up to get blast up 
Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down 
Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North Seed Papa 
50 Cent, I'll break yo punk ass off propa' 
This new place like home, New York - New York 
I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy 
Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly 
Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really 
Pushy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly 
Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire! 
Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit 
Even bootlegged you know, bump my shit, bitch! 

[Chorus](2x) 
We the realest nigga 
50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga 
Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga 
Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga 
Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho! 

Shady Records 
Still Aftermath 
And dont think we dont hear you motherfuckers talking 
Cuz we do 
We see yall 
But we just gonna sit back for a minute and watch what the fuck yall do
Verse 1: 

In my mind I'ma fighter, my heart's a lighter 
My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up 
An arsenic writer, author with arthritis 
Carpal tunnel, Marshall will start shit-itis 
Hardheaded and hotheaded, bullheaded and pigheaded 
Dick-headed, a prick, a big headache - I'm sick 
Quick-witted, for every lyric spitted, 
There are six critics who wait for me to slip with it 
So quick, this dynamite stick, bury the wick, 
It's gonna explode any minute - some lunatic lit it, 
And it's not Nelly, do not tell me to stop yelling 
When I stop selling I'll quit so, stop dwelling 
I am not failing, you fuckers are not ready, 
'Cause I got jelly like (Beyonce's) pot belly 
This is destiny, yes money, I'm off running 
So get off me, I'm not slowing or softening 

Chorus: 

No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry, 
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me 
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me, 
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me 
No apologies, I'm not even acknowledging you at all, 
'till I get a call that God's coming 
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny 
I could spit in your face while you're standing across from me, 
No apologies 

Verse 2: 

My head hits the pillow, a weepin' willow 
I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows 
But these cellos help just to keep me mellow 
Hands on my head, touch knees to elbows 
I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over 
These cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me 
I keep sayin' it - I can’t stress it enough, 
So keep playin' it and stand next to the subs 
I choke mics like asphyxiation, 
While I'm strangling my own throat masturbatin' (ha-ha) 
Fuck yeah, I'm a basket case and I mastered this rap shit, 
'till my ass gets wasted, 'till my assassination, 
'till I'm slain cause of some fag's infatuation 
44 mag - a fascination, a taste for disaster, 
And if that's the case then.. 

Chorus: 

No apologies, nah suckers I'm not sorry, 
You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me 
No apologies, y'all feelin' the force of me, 
No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me 
No apologies, I'm not even acknowledging you at all, 
'till I get a call that God's coming 
No apologies, laugh fuckers it's all funny 
I could spit in your face while you're standing across from me, 
No apologies 

Verse 3: 

This song isn't for you it's for me - A true mc, 
It's what he'll do just to see if he still has it 
And if his skills mastered, 
He's able to spill raps long after he's killed, that's a real MC 
Got you feelin' me, whether willing or unwillingly, 
You still agree, as long as there's still this hunger and will in me, 
Then expect a longer life expectancy 
I'd be a savage beast if I ain't have this outlet to salvage me 
Inside, I'd be exploding soaked in self-loathing and mourning, 
So I’m warning you, don’t coax me 
It’s silly, I'm really a sheep in wolf's clothing, 
Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be fooled 
The press blows up this whole thing - it's stupid, 
They don't know cause they don't see that I'm wounded, 
All they did was ballooned it 
I'm sick of talking 'bout these tattoos Cartoon did, 
That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin' 
And they can suck my dick while I'm pukin', 
And you too you can.. 

Outro: [X2] 

..Expect no sympathy from me, I'm an mc, 
This is how I'm supposed to be 
Cold as a G, my heart’s frozen it don't even beat 
So expect no apologies
[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "fuck the world", get a child out her
Yeah, my life is a bitch, but you know nothing about her
Been in hell and back, I can show you vouchers
I'm rolling Sweets, I'm smoking sour
Married to the game but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my night stands are full of open Bibles
I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat
And these niggaz know I lay them down, make their bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down: I'll break your leg
Money outweighing problems on the triple beam
I'm sticking to the script, you niggas skipping scenes
Uh, be good or be good at it
Fucking right I've got my gun, Semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in their mouth, so I guess it's "fuck what they say"
I'm high as a bitch: up, up and away
Man, I come down in a couple of days
OK, you want me up in the cage, then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G-code
It's Weezy motherfucka, blood game and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knocking but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found

[Hook - Eminem & Lil Wayne]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now
You kicked me when I was down
Fuck what you say, just (don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more)
That's right bitch: and I don't need you, don't want to see you
Bitch you get (no love)
You show me nothing but hate
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around
I don't need you (don't hurt me)
You (don't hurt me no more)
That's right, and I don't need you, don't want to see you
You get (no love)
Bitch you get (no love)
And I don't need you
Get em

[Verse 2 - Eminem]
I'm alive again
More alive than I have been in my whole entire life I can 
See these people's ears perk up as I begin
To spaz with the pen, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's finna get thick again
They say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again
Cuss into the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat them
So why the fuck would I join them when I beat them
They call me a freak because
I like to spit on these pussies fore I eat them
Man get these whack cocksuckers off stage
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him?
Snatch the mic from him, bitch I'mma let you finish in a minute
Yeah the rap is tight
But I'm bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and um
Scribble out them rhymes you were going to spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
In the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd
You can see the sparks from hot metal
Cold-hearted from the day I bogarted the game
I so started to rock fellow
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted because Marsh is not mellow
Til I'm toppling from the top I'm not going to stop
I'm standing on my Monopoly board
That means I'm on top of my game and it don't stop
Til my hip don't hop anymore (Shit...)
When you so good that you can't say it
Because it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (Shit...) 
People just get sick cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore
And you can never break my stride
You never slow the momentum at any moment I'm about to blow
You'll never take my pride
Killing the flow, slow venom and the opponent
Is getting no mercy, mark my words
Ain't letting up, relentless
I smell blood, I don't give a fuck: keep giving them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love
"No One's Iller Than Me"
(feat. Swift, Bizarre & Fuzz)

[Bizarre]
Yeah...ha ha ha (BANG!), Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you
Eminem and Fuzz, and Mr. Swifty, ha ha

No one's iller than me (wha?)
No one, no one is iller than me
No one is iller than me
It's Mr. Swifty from the 313...

[Swift]
I make rappers wanna turn into singers
I keep hoes lickin' they fingers
Bring this competition and face this meanin' 
Got your whole crew doing subpeonas
Hell nah you ain't seen a crew genius
Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters
Keep it close, you can't beat us
While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this
I done made quadrapalegics outta these non-rappin rejects
While the whole world ejects your tape, it ain't no secret
That your shit sounds fake, you can't stop it my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
I'm like Two-Face, I'm painful to rappers then you can tell
From these shells, how I gotta bend 'em like route canals
I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail
Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well
Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linkin' trials
Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels
Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now
Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how?
I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild
Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates, BLAAAOW!

It's Swifty from the 313
Like I said no one is iller than me, unnhh!

[Bizarre]
Me and Eminem and Mike
Drivin' down Van Dyke
Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite
Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason
Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin'
Last week this old man I had to blast
Cuz he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas
Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook
Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook
Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack
Better explain where the hell your TVs and VCRs is at
I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should
This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good!
Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
Throwin' bottles at day care centers and yell "EVERYBODY GET OUT"!
My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece
Cuz she found out I was havin' an affair with her 10-year old niece

No one, no one's iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313

[Eminem]
Nobody better test me, cuz I don't wanna get messy
Especially when I step inside this bitch, dick freshly
New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs
Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs
True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs
Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs
Down a fifth, crack open a six
I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss
I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends
Who gives a fuck who they was
I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does
They probably don't be packin' anyways, do they Fuzz?
We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz
Mics get sandblasted
Stab your abdomen with a hand crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid
Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it
Fuckin' felon, headed to hell in a handbasket
Talkin' shit will get you, your girl and your man blasted
Kidnapped and slapped in a van wrapped in Saran plastic
Get your damn ass kicked, by these fantastic
Furious four motherfuckers
Flashin' in front of your face without the Grand Masters

Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me

[Fuzz]
I run shit like an ass with legs
Massive lead to leave your cabbage red
Similar to your ass in a casket dead
Drastic spread of acid heads
Come to abort you like a bastard egg
That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs
Ask the feds from past the edge
Rockin' the most classic threads
Flashin' bread, roll down the window
Bitch you got some fantastic legs, you can get 'til that ass get red
You can get 'til that ass get red
Bizarre you get him and him, Swift you get him and him
I'll get him and him, leave the other two for my nigga Eminem
Never writer's block, I block writers
My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters
Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick
Some bitch ran up screamin' GET THE COPS QUICK!
And got drop kicked, now she screamin' "Stop it..."
Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit
Wherever you shop bitch, Fuzz Scooter '97 crop pick
Sick a-ya'll niggaz lookin' at me like I got tits
I shoot a rocket through your optic
You niggaz still don't know the top pick?
I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass
And have you shittin' socks bitch!
We rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split
Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits
(No one...)

Ain't nobody iller than me

[Bizzare]
It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Eminem and Swift from the 313
No one, no one is iller than me
It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313

You have now witnessed 4 ill emcees!
From the home of potholes and trash
We'll lyrically blast...
[Intro: Eminem & Don Toliver]
(Oh, oh, yeah) Yeah
You know, if I had a chance to do it all over again (Oh, oh)
I wouldn't change shit (Oh, oh)
DA got that dope
I'm screamin' out no regrets

[Chorus: Don Toliver]
You been through the hardest spot, it go the largest, I made you a star (I'm screamin' out no regrets)
I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low the 'Vette look like a storm (Screamin' out no regrets)
Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets)
I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost, just like I'm—

[Verse 1: Eminem & Don Toliver]
Yeah, they miss the old me
I think they want me to OD on codeine
They want my life in turmoil like in '03
They want front row seats, I give 'em nosebleeds
They want me imploding, exploding, self-loathing, eroding
I'm screaming at 'em with no regrets and I'm hulking
I'm rippin' out of my clothing
I had to go see the doc like Kool Moe Dee (Yeah)
Never took much to convince Dre
Never been swayed by color or skin shades
Since day one, Hellraiser with twin blades of a sensei
Givin' up, no comprende (Woo)
Tin brain, prolly fucked in the membrane
Slim Sha— minds of a God, I been insane
Pen game like I just struck in the tenth frame (Screamin' out no regrets)
Yeah, I live on the edge, I sit on the ledge
To shit on your heads, I been on the bench
Forgive and forget is the only thing I'd ever live to regret
Hell bent on revenge, you left me for dead
I crawled out my grave, you better be ready and set
My enemies ain't put an end to me yet (I'm screamin' out no regrets)

[Chorus: Don Toliver & Eminem]
You been through the hardest spot, it go the largest, I made you a star (I'm screamin' out no regrets)
I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low the 'Vette look like a storm (Screamin' out no regrets, yeah, no apologies, I ain't takin' shit back)
Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets)
I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost, just like I'm so lost (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
All the hate, can't tell exactly where it stems from
But it's happening again, huh?
Y'all used to be in my corner
Now you just backed me in one
Innocent bystanders, I'm bound to hit some
For some adversaries, I carry big guns
So some targets'll get the kill shot
Some, I just barely nicked 'em
I can make a mistake and erupt and end up takin' a dump
Or sayin' some dumb shit, thinkin' I run shit
Misplacin' my anger enough to give Earl and Tyler, The Creator the brunt
Shoulda never made a response to the disdain for the fake ones
Them traitorous punks, 'cause snakes are just cunts
They can get fucked with eight hundred motherfuckin' vibrators at once
And for any of those who may have come close to about dyin'
And can't listen to "Arose" without cryin'
For those who feel low like you're 'bout spiralin'
But this is only for those that I'm inspirin'
Weapon never unholstered without firin'
My will I'm imposin', foes are gonna feel like they're in the throes of a mountain lion
They talk about my daughters hopin' I fly off of the handle
'Cause my first thought is to trample and write a thousand bars
But sometimes it's like dropping' an anvil on a house of cards
Or Godzilla squashin' a crouton with combat boots on
Or droppin' a goddamn nuke bomb on top of an ant hill
(I'm screamin' out no regrets) Can't do it, nah

[Chorus: Don Toliver & Eminem]
You been through the hardest spot, it go the largest, I made you a star (I'm screamin' out no regrets, took it all)
I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low the 'Vette look like a storm (Screamin' out no regrets, yeah, no regrets though, no white flags either)
Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets, yeah)
I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost, just like I'm—
[Intro]
Yo, how do I keep
(Man, I don't know what's up with these hoes, man)
Gettin' in relationships like this?
(I'm just sayin')
Maybe it says somethin' about me
(Yeah, yup)
Should I look in the mirror?

[Chorus 1]
I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Why you always need a lecture?
My ex hates to talk, she's a texter
Even when I'm in bed layin' right next to her
Wants to get back together
Said not 'til she gets her act together

[Verse 1]
She thinks I'm bein' mean and now
She starts to scream and shout
She's about to let the demons out
She don't want to see me with other females out
I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route
She retaliates by tryin' to leave the house
In an evening gown with her cleavage out
We've been down this road too many times for me to count
And all I can think is how—

[Chorus 2]
I just want you to be normal
Why can't you bitches be normal?
Always gotta be so extra
Like a fuckin' terrestrial
Guess it comes with the territory
My ex girl, she just declared war
Therefore, I better prepare for it
I guess bein' weird's normal

[Verse 2]
And I don't know what's got a hold of me
Most notably I've been zonin' to Jodeci
I'm totally open, hopelessly devoted
So much so that I bet you she don't even know that she's
The first thing I think of when I wake up
And the last thing I think of 'fore I go to sleep
Sike, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse
I know she cheats, so do I, I'm soulless, she's heartless
No wonder we're partners
Both got hundreds of charges
Domestic disputes but we've always
Swept it under the carpet
Even when 911 gets the call that
I slipped up and busted her jaw with
A Louisville Slugger 'cause alls it
Really does is make our love
For each other grow stronger
She want me over the second she tried to run me over
Told her I'd keep it a hun', we over
Kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over
But why is she so wicked?
And how the fuck did I get so twisted
Up with someone so unlikeable and shifty
We're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with
Ignitable liquids, but I'm finally seeing
She's only mine for the time being
That's why I keep bringin' up that one time she
Tried to two-time me
And throw it up in her face 'til I dry heave
How could I be so naive?
Should I leave or turn this entire evening
Into a motherfucking crime scene?

[Verse 3]
Maybe I'm just too ugly to compete with him
You weren't s'posed to agree, you fucking bitch!
Specially when you're the one cheated first
Now the argument immediately becomes heated
You don't want me to flip, little conceited cunt
Eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita
Slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it
Complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it!
I love you but I hope you fuckin' die though
In our business your friends like to pry so
You've got 'em all under cover just like moles
Hopin' they'll come back with intel
But I'm the one who's thrown into the spiral
'Cause now the roles are reversed so here I go
Thinkin' I'm sly as I scroll through your iPhone
Who the fuck's Milo?
The guy at work who drives a hi-lo
I put a tracking device on your Chrysler
And follow you while you drive home
But like a cyclone, I just got my disguise blown
You recognize me and had Milo flip me off
Right out the passenger side window
I hit a light pole, you skrt off
And then pull up at 5AM in the drive in a stretched white limo
Stumble in the side door and hit me in the head with Milo's demo
But like a drunk bum, what do I know?
Let's sleep on it like they did Revival
I told you you're the apple of my eye, so shut your pie hole

[Outro]
Just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal? (Yeah)
I just wanna be normal
Why can't you be normal?
[Chorus:]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand. (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm.
Whatever weather, cold or warm.
Just letting you know that, you're not alone.
Holla if you feel like you've been down same road. (same road)

[Intro (during Chorus):]
Yea, it's been a ride
I guess I had to, go to that place, to get to this one
Now some of you, might still be in that place
If you're trying to get out
Just follow me
I'll get you

You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em.
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em.
Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem,
when I say I'ma do somethin', I do it.
I don't give a damn what you think,
I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world,
feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stoppin' me.
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly
and all those who look down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts try to ask him why or how can he
from "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album,
He's still shitting, whether he's on salary, paid hourly,
until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him.
Whichever comes first, for better or worse,
he's married to the game, like a fuck you for Christmas.
His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge
to pull his dick from the dirt, and fuck the whole universe.

[Chorus:]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm.
Whatever weather, cold or warm.
Just letting you know that, you're not alone.
Holla if you feel like you've been down same road.

Okay quit playing with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap.
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap.
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth. For that, fuck your fillings, 
instead of gettin' crowned, you're gettin' capped, and to the fans,
I'll never let you down again, I'm back.
I promise to never go back on that promise. In fact,
let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD was eeh,
perhaps I ran them accents into the ground.
Relax, I ain't going back to that now.
All I'm trying to say is get back, click-clack, blow.
Cause I ain't playin' around,
it's a game called circle and I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down.
But I think I'm still trying to figure this crap out.
Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fucking black clouds.
Still follows me around but it's time to exorcise these demons
These motherfuckers are doing jumpin' jacks now!

[Chorus:]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand. (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm.
Whatever weather, cold or warm.
Just letting you know that, you're not alone.
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road.

And I just can't keep livin' this way.
So starting today, I'm breaking out of this cage.
I'm standin' up, I'ma face my demons,
I'm mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground.
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up.
So I put my life back together right now! (now)

It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me.
Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally
For you, so I could come back a brand new me you helped see me through.
And don't even realize what you did, believe me you.
I been through the ringer, but they could do little to the middle finger.
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
my world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
and drop dead, no more beef lingers.
No more drama from now on, wanna promise
to focus solely on handling my responsibilities as a father.
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters
and raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it!
Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club,
or the corner pub, and lift the whole liquor counter up.
Cause I'm raisin' the bar,
I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazin'  at stars.
I feel amazing and I'm...

[Chorus:]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (to take a stand)
Everybody (everybody)
Come take my hand. (come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm.
Whatever weather, cold or warm.
Just letting you know that, you're not alone.
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road.
[Intro:]
Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up
Yeah

[Chorus: Eminem]
Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
They bed, iPod
Maybach, my bach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Pay less, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, ice spots
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, when we're on it
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!)

[Verse 1: Royce da 5'9"]
I don't do Jordans and Audemars
I do explosions and Molotovs
Y'all blowin' smoke as if y'all ain't washed
I blow the smoke from the car exhaust
Flyin' to a party I am not invited to, feelin' like the streets need me
I ain't gotta dance long as my Ferrari Spyder move like C Breezy
I don't gotta hire goons
I'd rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely
The sky is blue, the tires is new
The Maserati white and cool like G-Eazy
While these dudes tryna figure out
How to do a freestyle as fly as me (while)
I'm confused tryna figure out how to do Kapri Styles and Mya G
Everybody doin' chick joints
Probably rob these little dudes at fist point
'Member everybody used to bite Nickel
Now everybody doin' Bitcoin
We don't got nothin' in common (no!)
We don't got nothin' in common (no!)
Y'all into stuff like doubled-up Styrofoam cups
On them uppers-and-downers (woo!)
I'm into stuff like doublin' commas
Find me a brother who's solid
To count the shit up and then bust the shit down
When the cops hit us up, we can flush the shit down
We cannot give a fuck, shit, a fuckin' colonic
Sellin' your cock and your butt for a follower
Possible couple of dollars, you powder sniff
Now you slippin', call it a power trip, a product of politics
Y'all went from profit and toppin' the charts
To dropped in the park in a pile of shit
Knowledge is power, but powerless
If you've got it and you do not acknowledge it
Y'all music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it
Hirin' strippers, prostitutes retirin'
We can spit it for ya advance
I'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in Prince pants
You niggas—

[Chorus: Eminem]
Brain dead, eye drops
Pain meds, cyclops
They bed, iPod
Maybach, my bach
Trainwrecks, sidewalks
Pay less, high-tops
K-Fed, iHop
Playtex, ice spots
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic, when we're on it
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's not alike us on the mic (yeah!)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You say you're affiliated with murderers', killers (ayy)
The people you run with are thuggin' (gang)
But you're just a wanna be gunner (gang)
Like you was gonna do something
Acting like you catching bodies (ayy)
And you got juice, lil youngin', you're bugging
You ain't never even been charged in connection with battery, bitch, you ain't plugged in nothing
Rap god spit lyrical bullets (pew)
And gats cock, your partners better tool up
This has not to do with muscular
But have guns for sure, you better put a
Strap on, other words if you're gonna
Roll up with your (gang)
You're gon' need a Arsenal
'Cause this bar is over your head
So you better have arms if you're gonna pull up (skrrt)
Oh, you run the streets, huh?
Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh?
This little cock-sucker, he must be feeling himself
He wants to keep up
His tough demeanor, so he does a feature
Decides to team up with N9na
But next time you don't gotta use Tech N9ne if you wanna come at me with a submachine gun
And I'm talking to you but you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly
I don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneak-diss
But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie
I keep on telling motherfuckers
But just in case you forgot really and need Ja memories
Jarred like strawberry or pineapple, apricot jelly
I respond, rarely but this time Shady 'bout to sound off like a fucking cocked semi Glock
Demi god, let me put a silencer on this little non-threatening blond fairy, cornball taking shots at me
You're not ready, fool, break yourself like Rocksteady Crew
Obviously, I'm not gettin' through
We can get it poppin' like Redenbach, lettin' off like Remy Ma
Heavy artillery, Godzilla, harsh with a hard shell
With a motherfucking heart bigger than Bizarre's belly
Only time you'll ever say I lost
You'll be talkin' 'bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy
Just to try to get me off, and you better hope I don't call Trick Trick
Bitch, this shit don't fly in our city
Punk, you don't disrespect OGs, R.I.P. Prodigy
Sold Dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me
That I'll be the most hated, though made it
So that there's no shame, it's okay to own it
'Cause life is a bitch, she's a bow-legged ho
But now those days are over
I Harvey Weinstein a bathrobe hanging open
My code name is groper, I role play with lotion
I fuck the whole world then I throw away the Trojan
Old lederhosen with home-made explosives
I blow eighty holes in you
Don't make me go in, I OJ the flows and
I'm insult to injury, Rolaids to Goldman
I'm throat spray and Motrin, I throated Nicole
As they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin'
I double-edge sword it 'cause one place I poke and
I stick and I turn in a rotating motion
Invisible with the pen, I'm at the pinnacle of sick individuals
Stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal
I'm fuckin' these syllables, I let 'em lick on my genitals
I'm a fucking invincible, indefensible, despicable, difficult prick
A little bit unpredictable, I spit the formidable
That you bitches fuckin' with, the original
I consider me and Nickel identical—but not us
The only thing we have in common is I'm a dick and you suck
Otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other
None come close to skunk, bug, soldier
Tongue, shrub, shoulder, one month older
Sponge, mug, folder, nun, rug, holster
Lug nut, coaster, lung, jug, roaster
Young Thug poster, unplugged toaster!


[Chorus: Eminem]
That's how much we have in common (yah!)
That's how much we have in common (whoa!)
Up on this mic when we're on it (yah)
That's how much we have in common (yeah!)
That's how much we have in common (woo!)
That's how much we have in common
We are not alike, there's nada like us—
(Man, fuck this shit; let's go)
[Chorus: Kehlani]
Ashes blowing in the air
The world's on fire, but we don’t care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
’Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold
Fuck doin' what you're told
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track
This road is takin' me back
Down memory lane with this rap
I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback
I'm simply stating a fact
I had Wembley Stadium packed
But now we’re on a path headed to nowhere and fast
Another terrorist attacks
Like a tariff, blows half of Madison Square up, alas
We perish in the blast
But that isn’t scaring us, we pass
Nowhere we're fearless, ’cause we're just—

[Pre-Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem]
Ashes blowing in the air
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don’t give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Post-Chorus: Kehlani]
'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no
Goin no, goin' nowhere
We're on the run of our lives
Goin' nowhere fast

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year old
Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow
Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral
When I'm devisin' this rhyme
'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning
That's why I rise and I shine
Like a new day has dawned on me
Gusto, guts, bravado
Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot
I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle
'Cause some stuff that's awful
Really don't mean nothin' although
There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow
But if at times my heart it seems
Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve
Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer
Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward
But where we're goin', we have no idea
Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here
I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist
Just one spark and it's lit
But I'ma still get dark on this shit
Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch—war machine
But you forced me in a corner
I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear
And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe
Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu
I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un
And end up ruinin' your career
But when all is said and done
And at the end of my run I'll just rewind clocks, forever young
Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come
'Til the pine box, bitch, fuck you! I'm better than I ever was
'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does
But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause
This world's screwed, it's already fucked
And I'm on top, so everyone's just—

[Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem]
Ashes blowing in the air (so we're…)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Post-Chorus: Kehlani]
'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' nowhere
We're on the run of our lives
Goin' nowhere fast

[Bridge: Eminem & Kehlani]
You can't tell us nothin'
Hard-headed and we're stubborn
So, one ear and out the other when we're young, we're young
(We're on the run of our lives)
Who knows what the future for us could hold
Another shooter? Uh oh
(We're on the run of our lives)
No more tomorrows, we're done
And all we are is—

[Chorus: Kehlani & & Eminem]
Ashes blowing in the air (so we're…)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah)
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never getting old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Post-Chorus: Kehlani]
'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' nowhere
We're on the run of our lives
Goin' nowhere fast
Detroit.
There is a resilience that rises from somewhere deep within your streets.
You can't define it, but you can feel it.
You can feel it overflowing from the people who call you home.
The people who are always proud to declare, 'I'm from Detroit'.
You took our country from it's infancy, into industry.
And your name still carries with it the idea of a nation built on steel, muscle and sweat.
You became the city that carried the country.
The city, like the sport, is built on dreams.
People who would drive to you, driven to excel.
Who know nothing is accomplished without hardwork, without sacrifice.
When you hurt, we hurt.
Your streets witness our struggle.
Your bricks are our rage through the emptiness of each house shuttered, of each factory closed.
We've lived through the ups and the downs.
But we remain, Detroit.
We can never turn our backs on you Detroit, because we are you.
My home.
The home of Motown, Cadillac and Joe Louis.
Through all this, we cannot be defeated, because we have never been defeated.
You've built us, you've moved us, you've shaped us.
Sometimes down, but never out.
Take strength in us, your people.
Stay up Detroit.
[Bridge: Eminem]
No matter what people say, I'm gon' keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think, I'mma keep doing my thing

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm the worst thing since fat bald men
Decided to write songs to teach Mouseketeers to sing
I stick Britney Spears in a room full of mirrors
So she gets fifty years of bad luck
Causing terror to Christina Aguilera
When I grab her by the hair and drag her across the Sahara
Beware of this rap terrorist with a therapist
With a hair up his ass like a rabbit crawled in his pants
Got a habit of holding Tylenol in his hands
Till it melts in his fucking palms and dissolves in his glands
(So who is it?) The fool who visit the playground
With two biscuits to lay down the school district
Get pistol-whipped with a Mossberg
With a pistol grip, and fed pitbull shits
Sniff glue sticks like I give two shits
If I get too rich, I just get sued

[Verse 2: Redman]
Yo, I leave wit no injure, after I blow four in ya
One handstand on top of yo ninja
Crash it, Doc stir the madness
Till y'all outta work like Tony Atlas
Walking, cans in the laundry basket
America's most, with the army after us
Fuck flossing, we take what's yours
Unload fifteen like a ace and four
I'm outta work, but Doc laid them off
(Shit, the power's out) The tape is off!
Yo, you targeted from arsonists
Papermate pens filled wit arsenic
I got hoes that don't know what Prada is
Doc could shape up, touch your barber miss
Fade you with a bloody blade
I turn rap camps into Crystal Lake
Fuck bitches face is what I'mma do
Cause that's what white boy Tano do

[Hook - Eminem & Redman]
So how is everybody doing tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!!

[Bridge]
No matter what people say, I'm gon' keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think, I'mma keep doing my thing

[Verse 3: Redman]
Yo, you could buy Jaz spitting, hospital, son admit it
Rip your lips off, kiss my ass with it
Slap bitches, got Marshall Math's (printing)
Weed, X, and the acid tabs did it
I'm "What's Happening," with no re-run
Like Rob DeNiro when the Heat come
My barrel hang out the Camaro
Aimed at the nose of them hoes, it's hard to breathe from
Flash the gat, your town, bogarting
Your wallet, your chain the main target
Beef is like cold engine: don't start it
Bust in the air and hit a airplane pilot
We clowned you, rap surround sounds around you
From ten speed and brown shoe
Doc and Eminem, cock the M&M
Blood flows with 2Pacalypse and them

[Verse 4: Slim Shady]
It's like, Funk Doctor meets the punk rocker
Got the drugs stocked inside the lunch box (uhh)
Pop junk like I just got jumped
Popped the trunk and pulled out the shotgun pump
Knock wood, it's all good; thank God for vodka
Cause wit my luck, I'll probably get shot by a stalker
Probably got a fanatic waiting upstairs in the attic
With a automatic calling me up there
My man, Stan, with a gat in his hand
Staking my house out in a tan, tinted sedan
Pull your mouth out till you can't finish a damn
Ham sandwich, or your can spinach and Spam
Till you gotta sip through a straw, shoplift through the mall
Pictures of me on my mom's living room wall
Hey Ma... maybe I'll give you a call
Psyche! You fucking bitch, suck a dick and two balls!
I'm giving you all my job descrip', which is
To piss bitches and priests off with this (...need Jesus!)
Pop more pills till police officers
Arrive at the scene and pull me off of Kim
Teeth off my dick, hands off my balls
But y'all can kiss my ass, pants off and all!
Cause I'm so goddamn off the wall
I might as well just be a painting smashed on the floor

[Hook]
So how is everybody doing tonight?
Hope you're in the mood to get drunk and scream in a fight
Cause uh, we getting down for the fuck of it
So suck my dick if y'all don't wanna bump to this... Off the Wall!!

[Bridge]
No matter what people say, I'm gon' keep rapping this way
No matter what you may think, I'mma keep doing my thing

[Outro: Eminem]
No matter what people say
I'm gon' keep doing my thing
No matter... oh
[Verse 1: Eminem]
You claim if you get knocked by the cops
You'll give 'em not even a statement
Walk in the arraignment
Shoot the bailiff, karate kick the plaintiff
Gotti with the stainless
I'll just call it shoddy entertainment
If y'all was in the party gettin' faded
On molly, had the audience sedated
You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted
Probably let it fall and hit the pavement
But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it
Bitch, stop bein' a lame
Your hobby isn’t robbery and dismemberin' body limbs
Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells
And chainsawin' them in the basement
Hardly fits your job description
Ain't nobody dippin'
Out the back of the club like "Oh my God, he's trippin'!"
Only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it?
Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it
I need to stop bein' debated
You're still copyin', Xeroxing, I'm still copping a feel
Like Bill Cosby at will, popping a pill
Then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee
Then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy
This blonde fuck's reprehensible
Misconducts, never sensible
Kiss my butt, my set of principles
Is gone, but 'til I get the President to respond
My pen and pencil is a missile launcher
And send it to Mitch McConnell
Just as big of a bitch as Donald—shit's on, bruh! (haha)
Let me sing this shit soprano
While I do it pizzicato
Ivanka, stiff-arm her while I'm hittin' on Melania
And this song's for all ya

[Chorus: Eminem & Kent Jones]
'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
I hope you offended
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
I hope you offended
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
I hope you offended
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
'Til everybody eats my turds

[Verse 2: Eminem]
These drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me
Like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery
Goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam
I'm gettin' handies with the zanny Xannys in the Caddy armrest
I'm imagining objects
So I'm batting cobwebs from a daddy longleg
In Hamtramck, got the panoramic camera
Xanax, a banana hammock and a Santa hat
I'm smellin' like a damn mechanic
With a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent
Twice her age and I'm actin' half it (ha-ha!)
Grow up? Nah, not that I know of, y'all
Basement just got a frickin' overhaul
Got a stripper pole installed
Started rollin' all through those Klonopins like a bowlin' ball
Like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol
And go through no withdrawal
While I get fellatio and give a facial to
An interracial blow-up doll of Rachel Dolezal
You're so appalled ("Em…"), so's my manager
Bitch, I am mature, fuck a pro career
Coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here
And nobody's close so don't compare
They ain't nowhere near, I'm way over here
My competition can't see me—'cause I don't own a mirror!
But, Marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted
I'm so narcissistic, when I fart I sniff it
Do a fake dab to smell my armpits, whiff it
Your anxiety's throwin' gang signs
But I made strides with these rape lines
I'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes
Like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes
Bang, bang, bang, bang time
Dang knives're butcher than gay wives
You're gonna need sutures the same size
As the blade I push into caput'cha
When I pull 'em like… (what?) sleigh rides
Gotta stab a bitch at least eight times to make it on Dateline
I came to stake my claim like a canine waitin' in a buffet line
So, Kellyanne Conway, I'm a really bad hombre
Come play, belly dance on me
I've been making wedding plans all day

[Chorus: Eminem & Kent Jones]
'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
I hope you offended
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
I hope you offended
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
I hope you offended
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
'Til everybody eats my turds

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Eight-year-old with the wordplay
Girl, take this pole like a survey
Today wasn't my birthday
But I'm caked up like a dessert tray
So we're in shape, 'cause you're in a slurrin' state
I’m a ten, you’re an eight
Like what I do before, after and durin' rape!
You wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better?
And be made a fool out of when I pull on 'em?
R. Kelly with a full bladder
Non-high school grad, I'm not a scholar
But I'm so cold when I'm droppin' knowledge
My degrees is the same as I got in college (zero)
But nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect
I owe you nada like Haloti, partner
Blow me, told you I'm so dirty, homie
You can throw me in some holy water
With some floaties on and get the soap and try to
Get the Pope to hold me while you hose me off
And nope, I won't be washed
You hope to God I don't explode
I gotta blow this spot up though, I got a lotta mo'
I won't put the sugar coating on it though
'Cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired
Rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped
You feel like a wet pile of crap
But look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone
Uh-huh, I get why you're tapped
But you gotta get your fire back!
"Catch fire, get upset and fire back"
Is what I tell myself when times get bad
'Cause sometimes I might get sad
But I take the same advice I had
And tell myself like I used to tell Hailie when life's a drag
Told her to do like her dad: don't cry, get mad!
'Cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags
I'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me
I'm right in your ass (sodomy!)
Foot up it, I stood up for the kid
Who had to put up with the bullies at his school (at his school)
You ain't had to have no money
Or go shoppin' just to cop a fuckin' attitude (attitude)
Now my dough's amountin' to a mountain
That's rised too high to count it
Never asked to be rich, all I did was wish
I had a dime for every time that I was doubted
But then I think about it, then I'm enraged
'Cause I just figured out that if I was paid
For the time I spent to put the pen to the page
It'd be minimum wage
But it's embedded in my head I never
Hunted for the bread and butter
What I wanted was to be the one they was scared of but
I'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood
I put up in the pen, and when I'm dead I wonder
Will they put me on a pedestal
Or forget I was ever this incredible?
I guess I better go harder than ever 'cause
I'll never get another mothafuckin' opportunity again
To offend as many people with this I can simply because I can

[Chorus: Eminem & Kent Jones]
'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me
They want me to go eat some worms
I hope you offended
And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt
But I'ma make you eat your words
I hope you offended
You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up
'Cause you're only gonna make things worse
I hope you offended
'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up
'Til everybody eats my turds
Intro:
Oh no, what's happening to my brain?
I can't believe this is happening agay-ay-ay-ay-ay-ain.

Verse 1:
Lava out my lips I flips, wait I think I have a cramp
I'm tryin' ta shove the lava lamp up my father's ass
I think I'm outta gas man, I need another mask
I'd ask my mother but I think she's laughing at the plant
I have a gram of Graham crackers and some bandy camps
I'll think I'll eat some Ambiens like the candy yams
cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack
abra-fucking-cadabra motherfucker, look who's back
just like a pendulum, Satan's pentagram swings
I accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing
shit, I think I might'a did it when I was dancing
while I was chopping one of my legs off, when I pulled a hamstring
first I Re-Up, then I Relapse, go to rehab then I Detox after I see Doc
then I'll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle
cause I react like the she-Hulk, when I see NyQuil 

Hook:
Oh no, here we go again
oh no, when it's going to end?
Oh no, where did it begin?
So long 'go, maybe way back when
(Relapse!)

Verse 2:
Into the well baby Jessica fell, she may have wetted herself
quit playing, get her some help, Mary Kay Letourneau was sending me letters from jail
every day in Journal saying how she wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo
I'm the medicine man, my medical marijuana was prescribed by a doctor
shove a TIE fighter up Pe-rez Hilton's ass, shit almost forgot that
he's always shoving something up his ass, so why not that
and fuck it while I'm venting, let's shove a vending machine
up his rear end, when he's bending over pretending that he
didn't say anything that would be offending to me
stick his head in a blender begin blending and gee
where should I put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair
put him under the stairs, people are already under there
hmm, I wonder where, wait I think the cupboard's bare
stuff him up in a Tupperware and shove him up in there

Hook:
Oh no, here we go again
oh no, when it's going to end?
Oh no, where did it begin?
So long 'go, maybe way back when
(Relapse!)

Verse 3:
Vicodin's like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin
I bite into five and then I get high as a kite again
I like it when I get in my zone on the mic again
who am I kidding, I couldn't quit this shit if my life depends
I relapsed twice after I came out of Brighton and
yeah rehab's nice, I have my name up in lights again
you see that's why I can't decipher what life I'm in
I might pull a knife on your wife and slice her then dice her then
it sounds so enticin' isn't it nice when I'm hype again
On nights when I'm like this, no time to write this just type it in
if I could get my quick pen to slow down, would I write this thing
man I'm 'bout to hyperventilate, I just have hypertension 
I have the type of mental state you couldn't comprehend
and usually stupid of you for you to think I'm a friend
I usually do what I do and suffer no consequence
I offer no mercy, the controversy is once again

Hook:
Oh no, here we go again
oh no, when it's going to end?
Oh no, where did it begin?
So long 'go, maybe way back when
(Relapse!)
Oh no (echoes)
[Intro]
Good evening, this is your fucking captain speaking... We wil soon be reaching an altitude of 4 million and-a-half feet that's 8 million miles in the sky... please undo your seatbelt for takeoff, you are now free to smoke about the cabin

[Verse 1]
(Dr. Dre)
I'm Dre from back in the day from
N.W.A. from black and the grey from
chokin' a bitch to smackin' her face from
stackin' up bodies to rackin' AK's up from
rackin' up hits to stackin' them crates up
I'm still hungry and I'm back with a tape worm
and we're hat's happenin' in rap entertainment
me and shady far as competition faggot there ain't none
(Eminem)
Speak of the devil its attack of the Rainman
chainsaw in hand blood stain on my apron
soon as the blade spun vuun they run away from
who wanna play dungeon on one is safe from
in search of a brain surgeon, a great one
wait, it ain't funny man its urgent I need one
2 boxes of detergent and a paint gun
and an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1

[Chours]
So one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
and just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
and lets go, you are now smokin' with the best - best
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
and lets go, you are now smokin' with the best - best

[Verse 2]
(Eminem)
Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon Wireless
a nice environment
suprise entirely hypnotized by the sound I surround the hydrants
takin' lives of fireman say goodbye here I am again
naked wives and Vicodin
before I begin to get so high pussyboy I could spin
vinn-vinn fuck the handle I fly off the hinge
let taht boy off the bench coach and throw it to him
there he goes in his trench coat no clothes again
baby make us some french toast and show us some skin
I'll show you every inch grows on my foreskin
show me nippe I'll pinch botch and throw up a ten
now ya know it's a sin, to tease blow us again
the socerer of intercourse if it's forced, it'shim
don't fight the feeling if your feeling the force within
& when ya wake up in the morning next to the porcelain

[Chours]
So one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
and just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
and lets go, you are now smokin' with the best - best
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
and lets go, you are now smokin' with the best - best

[Verse 3]
(Dr. Dre)
Now where there's smoke there's fire and where there's fire there's flame
where there's flames there's chronic, either you high or you ain't
I got no time for no games...
(Eminem)
nuh-uh he ain't playin'
he's gonna get the AK and then aim it right at your brain, I'm slighty insane, vodka and creatine
Hypnotic and Red Bull it's an incredible energy drink
and it's givin' me wings I believe I can fly
while I pee on the girl you won;t catch me C.S.I
it;s as easy as pie and as simple as cake
Dre, get on the mic and make 'em tremble and shake...
(Dr. Dre)
Now put your smoke up in the air, raise your Henny and Coke
and if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
we can smoke till there's no more lighter fluid to do it, let's get in to it
you're smokin' with the triedest and truest
I got the midas touch when it comes to rollin' shit up
you Motherfuckers ain't smokin you just holdin' shit up
now here we go lets get up, get down hold up a blunt
I smoke the kinda stuff to make records go number one
cause if at first you don't succeed, wont hurt to smoke smoe weed
now them words are just a little more personal for me
seein' as how I blew up off of puffin them trees...
(Eminem)
Well smoke enough for me fuck yeah, light it up Cheech
come on smoke me out cuz give me conract buzz
get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff
but this is earth callin' Shady man, come on back (what)
man we're losing him he won't even respond back fuck
now look at all the pretty wonem in here...
(Dr. Dre)
Damn Bitches...
(Eminem)
Dre it's hot, I think we better go check on there temperatures
I'll get the termometer, you get the bandages
now baby just bend over this wont hurt a damn bit just gimme...

[Chours]
So one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
and just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
and lets go, you are now smokin' with the best - best
I said one more time for old time's sake
Dre drop that beat and scratch that break
now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
and lets go, you are now smokin' with the best - best
[Skam]

Yo I'm tryin to be the man of the day
Three six five a year
See the bullshit you sayin, Skam ain't tryin to hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin lyrics in the air
Keepin some up in the chamber


[Eminem]

Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin?


[Skam]

Man, I'm releasin anger


[Eminem] 

I'm tryin to be the illest of the day
Three six five a year
See that bullshit you sayin, Shady ain't tryin to hear
Spittin lyrics in your ear
Keepin some up in the chamber


[Skam]

Aiyyo Shady what the fuck you doin?


[Shady]

I'm releasin anger


[Skam - Verse 1]

Man I'm tired of bein tired, everytime I wake up
Tired of these fake ducks, tired of bein late for the bus
Tired of all be blendin, and endin up datin sluts
So my facial expression stay stuck up, and shut the fuck up!
To the pity ass rappers, that ain't shit with out make-up, wake up
Gold diggin bitches, the buck stops here 
The road to riches is closed for repair
So if the shoe ain't fittin, girl leave that shit alone
You aint Erykah Badu, what I look like Tyrone?
I rip your tissue out your ear
Spittin like I don't care
My hair look like I ain't come it, shit a damn near year
So I burn, zig-zag, I leave the next man with his heels up
Brain dead, and be reincarnated at a speed bump
When we done we stay hard, so you don't land shit
Suck Skam's dick, off of what a dead man spit
Yo that's it, I don't plan shit, you know how we go down
They need to slow down, and take a look who the hoe now
At every industry party, gettin so damn drunk
Can't remember the lass ass you kissed, or dick you sucked
Remind me of my ex, in the street got me veck
Tryin to roll up on Miami, leavin with a broke neck
Oh shit, leathal lyric equal land mind
I be stackin up white rappers like im throwin gas signs
And I'm, buck wild exposin the plain truth
You couldn't mess with me, fuckin shit up in the same room
Hey you, I don't know you but fuck it, let me get a dollar
For this bad car, that go along with the breath
Some show the mad bomb, and steal the show like a theft
Cause in Miami, the baby jammin like three up in the chamber 

[Eminem]

Yo Skam what the fuck you doin?

[Skam]

I'm tryin to be the man of the day
Three six five a year
See the bullshit you sayin, Skam ain't tryin to hear (Fuck that!)
Bustin lyrics in the air
Keepin some up in the chamber


[Eminem]

 What the fuck you doin man?


[Skam]

Man, I'm releasin anger


[Eminem] 

I'm tryin to be the illest of the day
Three six five a year
See that bullshit you sayin, Shady ain't tryin to hear
Spittin lyrics in your ear
Keepin some up in the chamber


[Skam]

Aiyyo Slim what the fuck you doin?


[Slim]

I'm releasin anger


[Eminem - Verse 2]

Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit change
I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name
Became late to the last show with a different dane
Brain ate from the last ode that I snifed the cane
Yo know your spaced the fuck out like George Lucas
When your pukus, turnin to yellow with orange mukus
So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers
I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English
Freak genuis, too extreme for the weak and squeemish
Burn you alive till you screamin to be extinquished
Cause when I drop the science, motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence
Start a fire and block the hydrants
I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than
So when Slim gets this M-16 burstin
You gettin spun backwards like every word of obscene cursin 
On the B-side of my first single with the clean version
Stoppin your short life when you still a teen virgin
Unless you get a kidney speciman from a spleen surgeon
In the best hospital possible for emergancy surgery
To try to stop the blood from your rushin sternly eternally
I'll take it back before we do each others name
Run in a ultrasound and snatch you out your mothers frame
I'll take it further back than that
Back to lovers lane, to the night you were started 
Cock block your fathers game 
I'll plead the fifth like my drawers were muzzled
So suck my dick while I take a shit and do this crossword puzzle
And when I'm down with ten seconds left, then to hope out
I'ma throw a head-but so hard, I'll knock us both out

[Skam]

Yo I'm tryin to be the man of the day
Three six five a year
See the bullshit you sayin, Skam ain't tryin to hear 
Bustin lyrics in the air
Keepin some up in the chamber


[Eminem]

Yo Skam, what the fuck you doin?


[Skam]

Man, I'm releasin anger


[Eminem] 

I'm tryin to be the illest of the day
Three six five a year
See that bullshit you sayin, Shady ain't tryin to hear
Spittin lyrics in your ear
Keepin some up in the chamber


[Skam]

Aiyyo Em what the fuck you doin?


[Eminem]

I'm releasin anger
Yeah.. Ya Know?... Critics Man
Critics Never Got Nothin Nice To Say man
You know the one thing i notice about critics man?
Is... critics never ask me how my day went
Well imma tell 'em

Verse 1:
Yesterday my dog died, I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said next time you blow up try to spit a flow
You wanna criticize dog try a little mo
I'm so tired of this i could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter here I go
Flows tighter, hot headed as ghostrider
Cold hearted as spiderman throwin' a spider in the snow
So ya better get to blowin' in flow rider inside of a lowrider with no tires in the hole
Why am i like this? Why is winter cold
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hose (host?)
Listen dog christmas is off this is as soft as it gets
This isn't gob this is a blister in the salt
Those are your wounds this is the salt
So get lost
Shit dissin' me is just like pissin' off the wizard of oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze beat you in the jaws with it
Grab the scissors and saws and
Cut out your livers gizzards and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in the blizzard with jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then discribe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make chris piss in his draws
Ticklin him go to his grave, skip him and visit his dog

Hook:
You on fire
That's how ya know your on a roll
'Cause when you hot its like your burnin up everyone elses cold
Your on fire
Man I'm so fuckin' sick I got ambulances pullin' me over and shit
Your on fire
Ya need to stop drop and roll cause when you say the shit to give the whole hip hop shop The blow
Your on fire... your on fire

Verse 2:
I just wrote a bullshit hook in between two long ass verses if you mistook the for a song, look
This ain't a song it's a warnin' to brooke, hogan and david cook
That the crook just took over so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writin' and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet your a fuckin flash in a pan
I pop up you bitches scatter like hot grease splashin a fan
Mr Mathers is the man
Yeah I'm pissed but I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Salivas like sufiric acid in your hand itll eat through anything metal the ass of iron man
Turn him into plastic so for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is assanine
Yeah ask the nine man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him color inside the lines or get hit widda fine crayon
Fuck it I ain't playin'
Pull up in a van and hop out at a homeless man holdin' a sign sayin'
Vietnam vet... I'm out my fuckin mind man
Kick over the can beat his ass and leave him 9 grand
So if I seem a little mean to you this ain't savage you ain't never seen the brew
You wanna get graphic we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a belemic puke on a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut boo (?)
Sayin you sick quit playin' you prick don't nobody care
Then why the fuck am I yellin' at air
I ain't even talkin' to noone cause ain't nobody there
Nobody will fuckin' test me cause these hos won't even dare
I'm wastin' punchlines but I got so many to spare I just thought of another one that might go here
Naw don't waste it save it psycho yeah
Plus you gotta rewrite those lines that you said about michaels hair

Hook:
You on fire
That's how ya know your on a roll
'Cause when you hot its like your burnin' up everyone elses cold
Your on fire
Man I'm so hot my motherfuckin' firetrucks on fire homie
Your on fire
Ya need to stop drop and roll cause when you say the shit to give the whole hip hop shop the blow
Your on fire... your on fire
Your on fire
Denuan: I told ya'll mother fuckers I was comin back
(shit) What now nigga what now
What! Proof the projects nigga

Hook:
One Shot, Two Shots, Three Shots, Four Shots
All I hear is gun shot's
This is where the fun stops
Bodies drop hit the floor
Music's off party stops
Everybody hit the door somebodys makin shots off

Verse 1(Bizarre):
Securities Gone, I'm dropped in the club
And im tryna run and get my mutha fuckin gun
(nigga what about your wife)
Nigga fuck my wife
Im tryna run, and save my mutha fuckin life
Oh shit, the shooters comin
Bitches hollerin niggas runnin
People shot all over the floor
And im tryna make it to the Saint Andrews door
(Gun shot) Thats the sound of the glock
Even Dj ? fucked around and got shot
I dun messed around and forget my tech
I don't see nobody, but the fab five and ?

Verse Two(Kuniva):
Kuniva you ariight?
These niggas is trippin
Where's Bizzare at?
Im tryna flip thru the accident and get to where my car is at
Bitches screamin everywhere
And niggas is whilin
Two minutes ago, we was all jokin and smilin
This chick is clingin on to me
Sobbing and sighing
Sayin she didnt mean to diss me earlier,and she cryin
But its real and its on, and caps is gettin peeled
So I hugged her and used her body as a human sheild
an (oweah) she got hit
now shes yellin 'dont leave me!
I told her I'll be right back and the dumb bitch believed me
I squeezed through the back door,and made my escape
I ran and got my 38 I hope its not to late

Hook

Verse Three (Kuniva and Swift):
I been tryna call you all day mutha fucker where you at?
I'm on seven mile, what the fuck was that?
Damn, somebody hit me from the back
Wit they car?
Wit a gat nigga and my tie flat
An I just hit a pole
Them niggas some hoe's
Is you hit?
I dont know, but I can tell you what they drove
It was a black Mitsubishi
Shit thats the clique we beef wit
Mayn
I swear
And I was on my way there
Belive me im leavin a carcass today
Now ima park my car and walk the rest of the way
Im in the mood to strut
My Ak aint even tucked
Ima meet you at the club we gon fuck these hoes up

Hook

Verse Four (Eminem):
I never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleepin outside the door, waitin in lines
Still tryna get in the club, to see D12 perform
The fire marshalls know the vinuews to small
People are wall to wall
Three thousand and some odd fans
And some come wide from out the parking lot
Get to an arguement over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and let a few go off
missed you hes aimin for six feet aways the door
into Saint Andrews Hall
Lotta strays flyin all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face
Another one of em came thru the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up at the bar havin a mozeltoff
Bullet wizzed right by my ear
Damn near shot it off
Thank god im alive I gotta find Denauon
And where the fuck is von he usually tucks one on em
Wait a minute I think I just saw Bizarre
Naww I guess not
What the fuck? Oh my god it was
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him haulin ass
I think he left his wife
There she is on the ground pen trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn but I cant pull her
God damn there just went a nother bullet Im hit
My vest is barly able to handle it
Its to thin
If I get hit again, I cant do it I scooped D
Followed Bizzares path, and ran through with it
Made it to the front door and collapsed on the steps
Looked up and I seen Swift
Shootin it out, but I cant see who hes shootin it out with
But Denuans Right behind him squeezing his four fif

Hook

Verse five (Denuan):
Its a friday night came to this bitch right
Big gats to my left Desert eagle in my right
I aint come in this bitch to party I came in this bitch to fight
Although I cant say im here to fight
Cuz im popin niggas tonight
Thats right bitches im drunk with revenge
Shot a ? in the neck for tryna check when I got in
Swift told me to meet him here
So its clear that this mug had shot out the back of a truck
is up in this mother fucker
So one shots for the money
Two's to stop the show
Thirds for the bartender (bitch bring me a shot cold)
I just wanna know whos drivin a black mitsubishi
He tryed to run so proof shot him in the knee wita three piece

Hook
Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man,
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first,
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first,
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first,
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say,
I'm fresh, I'm fresh

[Thyme]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Eminem]
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula

[Thyme]
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

[Eminem]
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess

[Thyme]
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic man…
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit
[Spoken: Eminem as Bin Laden]
Oh Dr Dre. Or should I say Dr Gay?
You are very bad man, you dissed the wrong motherfucker. 
You thought Osama wouldn't diss you back, biaaatch?

[verse 1:]
Things just ain't the same for Osama,
So much drama
Since the World Trade Bombings,
And the Pentagon got the whole world calling me
 to kill all of congress, like...[blurred]
The strangest things can happen to an Afghan
When people get wrapped up in Islam and Allah,
Then some shiteaters fly planes and wreak havoc,
And then you go dropand put the blame on Bin Laden.
Now I got this faggot-ass rapper attacking me
With this gangsta rap, like I'm not gonna battle,
Dr Dre? The man wasn't done shit since NWA
And gave Eazy-E AIDS.
Don't make me go shoot night on your fat ass,
You homofuck, you ain't the only one goin' platinum.
Osama Bin Laden, keeping it gangsta,
Fuck Dr Dre, I'm the Aftermath's bitch

[Chorus:]
Everywhere that I go ain't the same as before,
People I used to know just don't know me no more
And everywhere that I go, I've got people I know,
Who've got people they know, so I suggest you lay low.

[verse 2:]
Oh Dr Dre look at you, you fool
I use your own rap against you, and I'm better.
Lick my balls, until they are dry,
Sorry... come again.
Things just ain't the same for Bin Laden,
This planet hates me more than Michael Jackson,
Hating on the Taliban for keeping me captive,
Threatening to find my little cave and blast it,
Now I've got to worry about this wanna-be ganster,
Who pays other rappers to write his wack shit,
Everyone knows that your beats are helped man, 
And you'll never blow by yourself man.
Oh Sorry, you'd blow... blow cocks,
Use the hole as a straw and blow sperm out your nostrils.
I don't give a hurried fuck, call Slim Shady,
Snoop Dogg, D.O.C, Wren and Jay-Z,
To write a verse, fuck I'll write it for ya,
You still lick dick, and this is Booshu Barbra.
Do you know who, do you know what, do you know who?
Let's keep this between me and you.

[Chorus]

Osama...
Osama...
Oooosama...
O-o-o-osama...
Biatch
[E] = eminem as eminem
[D] = eminem as his mom

Here's the story... Of a little boy
Growing up in a suburban home
Tryin to cope with everyday life
He lives in a little house
That was built in the middle of the street

[E]
Hey mom tupac's on the juke box
[D]
Somebody shot 2 cops
And raped a little girl watchin news watch
[E]
Nuh ahh they were tryna frame 'em
[D]
You and that Tu Pac shakur
[E]
No that ain't how you say his name mom
You're so lame.. Dont you know anything?
[D]
Yeah i know you probably doin joint in a gang
[E]
Yeah right, I'm out wheres my fuckin walkman at?
[D]
Stop Cussin at me!
[E]
Shut up bitch!
[D]
Quit Talkin Black!!!
[E]
Well slammed the door and I'm out
Now what? It's probably warm in the house
Fuck, I forgot my jacket
I forgot it was winter
I'm Gettin Thinner
I'm hungry, is mom cookin dinner?
Mom let me back in i forgot my coat!
Mom come on I'm not playin its cold!
Aight sorry I need a jacket
Mom look! My TuPac tape I just cracked it!
Mom please let me back in
It is TuPac Shakur
I just asked him!
I'm Freezing (*sneeze*) I'm Sneezing
I'm breathing to much cold air
I'm Wheezing
I ain't did nothin
I ain't say im leaving
I said I'm goin on the front porch to get something!
(*cutting noises*)
[D]
Aight Here Take Your Damn Coat And Leave!
[E]
Fine I'll leav--Mom You Cut Off The Sleaves!!

(chorus)
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...(1, 2 ,3)
In the middle of the street

[E]
My teacher's two faced
He went to lower all my school grades
Cuz last thursday i had a tooth ache from kool-aid
So mom kicked me out
[D]
Get Out!!
[E]
All i had was my suitcase,
A shoelace, a tube sock
And a tube of toothpaste
Sometimes it was cool
Cuz i could go to a freinds
Crash there, fool around and just skip school
But other times I'd rather be home
In my own room, Alone
beatin my shit
And nobody would know
My little brother sucked on a bottle till he was six
So I'd hide it inside the couch and say
"I don't know where it is.."
But as soon as mom found it
I would either get grounded
Or kicked out of the house a thousand weeks
I'm still countin!
Even when I was under age......
Mom was tellin cops i was tryna run away......
I told her "Some day bitch, you gonna pay...."
Please mom please mom please I wanna stay....
(Let me stay!)

(chorus)
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...(yo)
In the middle of the street

[E]
My brothers incoharent
Moms a single parent
Who ain't caring, Staring through me like I'm transparant
Made it clear that i was just there to run her errands
Told her friends that i was the son from her last marrage
Sent me up to the corner store with a little note
[D]
Please sell my stepson ciggarettes so i can smoke.
[E]
One time i tried to fake a stich to get attention..
Back fired and mom sent me to school with vengence
My life is the worst thing that could ever have happened to me
I go to class and every teachers always laughing at me
Mom says "white rappers always get laughed at"
Not only that, she heard me upstairs and i can't rap
But I'm stupid
I'll never make it average or a D+
I need to sit on my ass
And just sue people like she does
One time I got food poisening from a hotdog
Mom sued and got $2000 from Ballpark
Hey mom you got a doller?
[D]
I don't Think so
Now keep an eye on your brother,
I'm Going to bingo
[E]
But mom you said.. you were broke
[D]
who said?
You got your ears messed up (awwww)
From that damn rap music

(chorus to fade)

Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
Our house...
In the middle of the street
(Skit)
(don't kill me)
*shot*
Thank you!
*Eminem running*
Go, go, go (what the fuck?)
What the fuck are you doing?
Mothafucker bail on me? Fuck you!
*car stop working*
Aw, you gotta be fucking kidding me...
Are you fucking kidding me?
Shit!
Get off
*shot the dog*
(haha)
*wheezing*
The parking lot
Shit, ah!
(Let me see your hands, prank's over)
Fuck it!
*Shoots himself*
[50 Cent talking]
Ay Em you know my favorite white boy right...
I.. I owe you for this one

[Chorus]
I've been patiently waiting 
For a track to explode on (yea)
You get stunned if you want
And yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
A fuse like my flows 
Been hot for so long (yea) 
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin 
Fall off your so wrong 

[50 Cent]
I've finished it in my head
Like a baby born dead
Destination heaven
Sittin politic with passin just from 9-11 (yea)
The Lords blessing left me lyrically incline (uh huh)
Shit I aint even got to try to shine
God's a seamstress who tailorfitted my pain 
I got scribtures in my brain 
I can spit at your thang 
Straight out the good book 
Look niggaz is shook 
50 fear no man warrior 
Swing swords like Conan 
Picture me pen in hand 
Write lines knowin' THE SOURCE will quote it
When I die they'll read this
And say a genius wrote it
I grew up witout my Pops
Shit that make me bitter 
I caught cases and got out
Does that make me a quitter
In this white mans world
I'm simmilar to a squirral
Lookin for a slut
Wit a nice butt to get a nut
If I get shot today my phone
Will stop ringing again
These industry niggaz ain't friends
They know how to pretend

[Chorus (2x)]
I've been patiently waiting 
For a track to explode on (yea)
You get stunned if you want 
And yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
A fuse like my flows 
Been hot for so long (yea)
If you thinkin Im'a fuckin 
Fall off your so wrong 
(It's 50!!)

[Eminem]

Youve been patiently waiting
To make it through all the hate
Debatin weither or not
You can even weather the storm
When she lay on the table
They operating to save you
It's like a Angel came to you 
Sent from the heavens above
They think they crazy 
But they ain't crazy lets face it
Shit basically they just playin sick
They ain't shit they ain't sayin shit
Spray umh 50 [gun shots]
A to K get in the way 
I bring Dre and them wit me 
And turn this day into fuckin mayhem
You stayin wit me
Don't let me lose you 
I'm not tryin to confuse you
When I let lose wit this oozee
And just shoot through your Izuzu
You get the message
Am I gettin through to you 
You know it's comin
You motherfuckers dont even kno do you
Take some BIG and some PAC 
And you mix them up in a pot
Sprinkle a little Big L on top
What the fuck do you got?
You got the realest and illest killers
Tied up in a knot
The Juggernaughts of this rap shit
Like it or not it's like a fight to the top
Just to see who die for the spot
You put your life in this
Nothin like survivng a shot
Y'all know what time it is 
Soon as 50 signs on this dot
Shit what you know about death threats
Cause I get alot
Shady Records was 80 seconds
Away from the towers
Some cowards fucked with the wrong building
They meant to hit ours
Better evacuate all children
Nuclear showers theres nothin spookier
Your now about to witness the power of fuckin' 50!

[Chorus]
I've been patiently waiting 
For a track to explode on (yea) 
You get stunned if you want 
And yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
A fuse like my flows 
Been hot for so long (yea)
If you thinkin I'ma fuckin 
Fall off your so wrong 
(It's 50!!)
It's the Gun Squad here 
And you hear the shots go off
(It's 50, They say It's 50)
You see a nigga laid out 
Wit his fuckin top blown off
(It's 50, Man that was'nt 50)
They don't holla my name

[50 Cent]
You should'nt throw stones
If you live in a glass house
And if you got a glass jaw
You should watch your mouf
Cause I'll break your face
Have you ass runnin 
Mumbling to the check
Your going against me dogg
You makin a mistake
I split yo lip 
You lookin like them 
Michael Jack-Son Jackets 
Wit all them zippers
I'm the boss on this boat 
You can call me Skipper
The way I turn the money over 
You should call me Flipper
Your Bitch a regular Bitch 
Your callin her Wifey
I fucked her feed her fast food
You keepin' her Icey
I'm down to sell records
But not my soul
Snoop said this in '94
"We don't love them ho's"
I got pennies for my dogs 
Now I'm rich
See the 20's spinnin'
Lookin mean on the 6
Nigga's wearin flags
Cause the colors match they clothes
The get caught in the wrong hood
And filled up with holes
Motherfucka'

[Chorus (2x)]
I've been patiently waiting 
For a track to explode on (yea) 
You get stunned if you want 
And yo ass'll get rolled on (It's 50)
A fuse like my flows 
Been hot for so long (yea)
If you thinkin Im'a fuckin 
Fall off your so wrong 
(It's 50!!)
Paul Em its Paul...ummm I just listened the entire album..
and you gotta be fuckin kidding me I mean with this Christopher Reeves
Shit You know the guys dead right? 
and then the whole gay step father incest rape thing I don't have your back on this one I cant even fuckin handle it I'm done
[Skit: Paul Rosenberg]

Hey Em, It's Paul.
Umm, I listened to the new album. 
Umm, are you really gonna just reply to everybody who you don't like what they have to say, uh, about you or the stuff you're working on?
I mean, I don't know if that's really a great idea; its-its like, what's next?
Kamikaze 2, the album where you reply to everybody who didn't like the album that you made replying to everybody that didn't like the previous album.
It's a slippery slope.
I-I don't know if it's a really good idea. 
Uh, anyway, hit me back
[Hook]
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I' ll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

[Verse 1]
Unstoppable, unpoppable thought bubbles
Untoppable thoughts, fuckin' juggernaut that'll
Stomp you in the verse, obstacles I'm drawn to 'em
When the going got rough
Some of what I done fought through was the worst, little sissy
Who the fuck taught you how to persevere?
There ain't no situation that you ever had to respond to that's adverse
The messiest thing you've ever gone through was your purse
Yeah, I don't try like hell, then I might as well
Hang it up like a shelf, gotta keep growin' with it, evolve
Cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall
But you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick until you apply yourself
Time to slip in that zone till' I find myself
Inside the realm of the unknown and boldly go
Into waters where nobody else has gone before
Or willing to go, uncharted, feeling is so
Bomb, I'm feelin' myself, I'm a giant
Sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am...

[Hook]
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

[Verse 2]
Let me self-empower you
When you're down and they're tryin' to clown the fuck out of you
And you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel
I'll show you how to use doubt as fuel
Convert it to gunpowder too
Now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid
Put the spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing
Ah screw it, feel like you want to hit that wall then do it
Punch through it, just cock back, put your all into it
Now you gon' take that rage and make that what you wage
Never take back what you say
If you stay strapped in your brain, engaged in a steel cage match
Ready to scrap asap
Take your fists and just ball it
Show who's big and who's smallest you're Christopher Wallace
Now picture 'em all as plastic and foam
Lays flat, where you put your dinner plates at
And set it on 'em like a placemat
(I am phenomenal)
And I want you to say that

[Hook]
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I'll  never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal

[Bridge]
Step into the unknown and find yourself
You’re floating freely, no emotion

[Verse 3]
Got a fuckin’ mouth with no shut-off valve
Can't even cut off power to it, but it's what allowed
Me to come up out from under the fuckin' ground
Cause I worked my butt off now
It's a subject that I don't know how to shut up about
Cause I stuck it out
Like a motherfucking tongue thats how, I responded when I got shoved around
You're gonna have non-believers
But when you're beyond belief, you probably shouldn't wonder how
Get it how you live
But are you prepared to give more than you get?
And put in twice what you get back from this shit
Though what you sacrifice barely is half, never give
Rap is my shiv
But it's like my shield at the same time I wield and my knife is will
Sometimes I feel just like B. Real from Cypress Hill
How I can just kill a cypher, survivor's guilt
I rhyme like life is still an uphill climb
Ready to face any challenge, waitin'
Can taste it, it's salivation, I'm wagin' retaliation
Look what I have built, reputation is validation
The only thing I'm capable of makin' is amazing
Only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement
Or accusation... I am legendary status, in fact
That is the only way you'll ever be able to say
Your legend is makin' an allegation
I write with the left, same hand I hold the mic with
As I fight to the death, 'til my last breath
Managed to prove who the best man is
Prevail at all costs, be the only ones left standing
In the end, but I ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage
Of knowing what it's like to be southpaw
Cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed
Cause I am

[Hook]
I am phenomenal
With every ounce of my blood
With every breath in my lungs
Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal
I am phenomenal
However long that it takes
I'll go to whatever lengths
It's gonna make me a monster though
I am phenomenal
But I'll  never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’
Cause I'm born to be phenomenal
[Proof:] 
Now everybody throw your hands in the air 
[Eminem:] 
Put 'em up put 'em up 

[Verse 1 Eminem:] 
I'm smacking, upslash, and keep the hoes in checking, 
Dubble last Slim Shady, this is real shit. 
Sit back, relax, when my boys smocks crack. 
I'm the big master, [Proof:] Can't u see thaaaat ?? 
Aww, yes I'm from the mothafuckin´ Wild west. 
Lift your shirt up, and tell me who's real best? 
Everlast, girls three times at day three times at night, 
I got G's full of criminals peooople, 
Shut you down for revange, G. 
Beat you down as we all know I do G. 
Brothers like, Eminem change the stylaa. 
Shut the fuck up I feel high for this SLUUUUTT! 
Like everytimes smoke the herion. 
Get back in this day shit and feel for more crack like kokain. 
Listen, must we repeat? 
I'm not the one who write about bullshit, 
And sell those drug shit, and fuck mothafuckas´ who say that I'm talking shit. 
Detroit sidney is where I grew up bitch. 
Now peace for all my outsiders, and this world. 
Fuck what you want this is three one third. 

[Chorus:] 
Put 'em up yaaa put 'em up put 'em up. 
Say dr.dre (DR.DRE) dr.dre (DR.DRE) 

[Verse 2:] 
One two three and to the four, 
Snoop Doggy Dog, and dre is after ya. 
Ready to fight? Go and get your back up. 
And we about to fuck u upppp.. 
Gimme the microphone first, so I can fly like a bubble. 
All those peices together, yo u know you're in trouble. 
I'm sayin´ nuttin but he says : (Fuck Dre). 
We beat him G, so : (feel okay). 
But back to the old shit and make this to a end. 
Nervous is nervous, something u can't understand. 
You never know my wife maybe could hurt a man. 
Burn a man, and last thing, feel for learn this man. 
And when she learn, I chill for a minute. 
Ain't no bitch ass pussy on my fuckin´ penis. 
And thats really horny so my penis got harder, 
Stronger bigger, so hard you wanna fuck her. 
[Eminem & Proof:] PEACE!!
Well, I do pup pills
I keep my tube socks filled
And pop the same shit that got tupac killed
Spit game to these hos
Like a soap opera epsisod
Then punch a bitch in the nose
Until her whole face explodes
There´s three things I hate:girl,women, and bitches
I´m that vicious to talk up and drop-kick midgets
They call me "Bogie Night"
A stalker that walks awkward
Stick figure with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg
Coming through the airport sluggish,walking on crutches and hit a pregnant bitch in the stomach with luggage
It´s like a dream, I can´t back out, I black out
I´m back out, lokking for someone "of" to beat
The "crap out"
I´m bringing you rap singers
Two middle fingers
Flip you off in French and translate it in English
Them I´m gonna vanish from the face of this planet
And come back speaking so much Spanish that Pum can´t even understand it.
[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah
So I guess this is what it is, huh?
Think it's obvious
We ain't never gonna see eye to eye
It's funny
As much as I hate you
I need you
This is music to be murdered by

[Chorus: Nikki Grier]
Got a premonition
I feel the end is near
The beauty starts to fade
The joy has turned to pain
I hear the symphony playin'
Ten thousand violins
Souls floating away like feathers in the wind

[Verse: Eminem]
They said my last album I sounded bitter
No, I sound like a spitter
Who ninety percent of
These hypocrites are tryna get rid of
But why would I get a chip on my shoulder?
I was considered, one time, as the illest
Bitch, I'm still as fly as your zipper
True, I just get richer
But if it was ever all about skrilla
Then I woulda quit a long motherfucking time ago
Bitch, shut the fuck up
I should go say that shit to Tech N9ne or the Jigga
Nobody said shit about 2 Chainz as long as he's been here, shit
No wonder you're mad, now I'm
Looking at them plaques, count 'em (Yeah)
I'm L. L. Cool J, bigger and deafer, that's how come (Uh)
I sell like four mill when I put out a bad album (What?)
Revival flopped, came back and I scared the crap out 'em
But Rolling Stone stars, I get two and a half outta
Five, and I'll laugh out loud
'Cause that's what they gave bad back in the day
Which actually made me not feel as bad now, 'cause
If it happened to James
It can happen to Shady
They do the same shit to Brady
More people hate me than love me
This game will make you go crazy
'Bout to go for B-R-O-K-E
I was the G, the O-A-T
Once I was played in rotation
At every radio station
They said I’m lyrically amazing
But I have nothing to say
But then when I put out Revival and I had something to say
They said that they hated the awake me
I lose the rage, I'm too tame
I get it back, they say I'm too angry
I need to get me some Dre beats
No, I should hook up with Tay Keith
Fans keep on pulling me one way
Haters pull me in another
Got more hooks in me than Swae Lee
'Bout to pick up some weights and lift 'til my tattoo of Hailie's face stretches
They said I'm just a whiner, I sound like a baby
I dish it out but can't take it
But I take it, dish it back out
And they get all bent out of shape
This shit's almost comical
Wait, and I meant no disrespect
I wasn't dissin' Tech, that was not a shot at 2 Chainz or to Jay-Z
They probably feel the same way because lately
Instead of us being credited for longevity
And being able to keep it up for this long at this level, we
Get told we'll never be what we were
Bitch, if I was as half as good as I was
I'm still twice as good as you'll ever be
Only way that you're ahead of me's alphabetically
'Cause if you diss me I'm coming after you like the letter V
Killing everything, play this tune, it's your eulogy
It's your funeral, prepare to die
This is music for you to be murdered by
I sense someones tapping into my phones why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon
The F.B.I might be tryin to pull my file soon
I might be walking blind fold into a typhoon
I might be seeing rockets light up the night sky
Right outside of the window of my living room
And if they do you can say goodnight and bye bye to them itunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking deadman
Blank stare dead pan look as my face as I gaze into space
As I wait to be scooped up in that van
Mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gon' say a sniper just appeared out of no where
And I'll go down in the history as the blood sucking leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tryed to take the fifth amendment use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dying to fill out in the heros splinters (?)
The business way to end this I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of september 11
Flash back to september 7th
When Tupac was murdered in Vegas
He said that he predicted his own death
Let us never forget it or should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F Kennedy was assasinated in broad day
By a craze lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block in a library book depository
Where the President would go for a little friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know or do they?
Whos they for them to say Touch©
Where all vunerable and it's spooky
This is about as cookey as I've ever felt now
Count down to Nuclear Meltdown
7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
You can run you can do what you want to
But you know you aint gonna do nuttin
When its time its your time
You are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy Number 1
"Public Service Announcement (Skit)"

[Announcer]
This is a public service announcement brought to you in part by Slim Shady
The views and events expressed here are totally fucked
and are not necessarily the views of anyone
However, the events and suggestions that appear on this album
are NOT to be taken lightly
Children should NOT partake in the listening in this album
with laces in their shoes
Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions
Upon purchasing this album, you have agreed NOT to try this at home

[Announcer - To Eminem]
Em, Anything else?

[Eminem]
Yeah, don't do drugs
Announcer: This is ANOTHER public service announcement brought to you, in 
part, by Slim Shady.

Eminem: (whispered): Tell 'em I don't give a fuck

Announcer: Slim Shady does not give a FUCK...what you think!

Eminem: Tell 'em to suck it

Announcer: If you don't like it, you can suck his fucking cock!
Eminem: Tell 'em they kissed my ass

Announcer: Little did you know, upon purchasing this album, you have just 
kissed his ass!

Eminem: Tell 'em I'm fed up

Announcer: Slim Shady is fed up with your shit...and he's going to kill you!

Eminem: Yeah

Announcer: Uh...anything else?

Eminem: Yeah...SUE ME.
*vomiting*
There I go--thinking of you again

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem
But off of the dome would probably be a little more, more suitable for this type of song--whoa
I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of
Sixteen bars, this ain't enough to put some ink ta
So fuck it, I'ma start right here I'll just be brief I'm
Bout to rattle off some of the reasons
I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo of you
On my arm, but what do I go and do
I go and get another one, now I got two
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Now I'm sittin' here with your name on my skin
I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again
My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim
Shi-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-it
If you only knew how much I hated you
For every motherfuckin' thing you ever put us through
Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you
Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-who

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you I puke

I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter
But I thought a song would probably be a little better
Instead of a letter
That you'd probably just shred up--yeah
I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of
How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink ta, a stupid piece a
Paper, I'd rather let you see how
Much I fuckin' hate you in a freestyle
You're a fuckin' coke-head slut, I hope you fuckin' die
I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye
I hate your fuckin' guts, you fuckin' slut, I hope you die
Di-ii-ii-ii-ii-ii-ie
But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad
It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back
It's just that when I think of you, it makes me wanna
Yack-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-aa-ack
What else can I do, I haven't got a clue
Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to
But every time I think of you now, I'll I wanna do
Is pu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uu-uke

[Chorus]
You don't know how sick you make me
You make me fuckin' sick to my stomach
Every time I think of you, I puke
You must just not know--whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa
You may not think you do, but you do
Every time I think of you, I puke

Fuckin' bitch

*vomiting*
"Rain Man"

[Dre (Em)]
Yeah
(Definitely, definitely, definitely, definitely, definitely K-mart)
Yeah, yeah

[Eminem (Dr. Dre):]
You find me offensive? I find you offensive
For finding me offensive
Hence if I should draw the line any fences
If so to what extent if at
Any, should I go? 'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive
Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this,
Far at other people's expenses
I say your all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship
And it's down right blasphemous
Let's end this shit now cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me
I even believe I, had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luther
I killed Superman, I killed super-man
Man how ironic, that I'd be the bad guy
Kryptonite the green chronic

[Chorus:]
Cause I ain't got no legs!
Or no brain, nice to meet you
Hi, my name is...
I forgot my name!
My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is....
Rain Man

Now in the Bible it says
Thou shall not watch two lesbians in bed,
Have homosexual sex
Unless of course you were given the consent to join in
Then of course, it's intercourse
And it's bisexual sex
Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during or after performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to as such, more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids
In a more derogatory way but
But who's to say, what's fair to say, and what not to say?
Let's ask Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I gotta question if I may? (Yeah)
Is it gay to play Putt-Putt golf with a friend (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But, up, I ain't done yet
In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts but just what if
It was never meant it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't need to go in into any more details but
What if he pictured it as a females butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because

[Chorus]

You find me offensive, I find you offensive
Shit, this is the same verse I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spiderman is nearby
And my plan is to get him next
And open up a whip ass canister
Goddamn it Dre where's the goddamn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, Kryptonite the green chronic
Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it
I got it, high fived Nick Lachey
Stuck a pen in Jessica's head and walked away
And she blew around the room like a balloon
I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
Out the trash can and zoom I
Headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no goddamn sense
I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit

[Chorus]
Cause IIIAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAHAHAAA AAAAAHAHHHHHHHHHH
Yo, Rain Man
Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre super dope beat maker two thousand and
Two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
Nine hundred and n seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three
And seventy (Yeah)
Whoa Nelly, Tell Angelina Jolie I’m ready
With petroleum jelly, to smear it all over me belly
And tell her she can hit me on me mobile, me celly
And meet in the salami section of the grocery deli
And maybe we can find us an appropriate telly
AA motel 6 or 8 it hink they both could be helly
I fucked, then I quieted and told her email me
And don’t call me, I’ll call you, can you feel me? Bitch do you smell me?
Animal instinct, cannibalistic, I just ran out of lipstick, man I’m a twisted, sick
Sadistic, son of a bitch, 666, Broke his crucifix made out of stick then fixed it
Chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick!
Now play it backwards muscle relaxers mixed with liquid
The lie to this delutifar quick fix, your delusional illusions look realistic
I need Christopher Reeves to come and lay his verse
I think he can spit it better on Medicine Ball
First off, I did not even realize the guy died
So I guess them Christopher Reeves jokes ain't gonna fly
Whoa, I'm on a roll, don't get me started
Ellen got pissed at me tried to push me and pussy farted
With such accuracy he aims and he shoots the target
Cupid's arrow and Portia de Rossi now look, sweetheart it's
The kissin' bandit on a mission to leave, Miss Degeneres
Disenchanted by men now just listen damn it
Miss De Rossi, I need no posse, now single-hand it
Lee will steal your heart with a kiss
Where should I plant it? Mm-wha! Baby, it's *moi*
And my repertoire's runnin' around in pink panties and leopard bra
And negligar, negligee, you say tomayto I say TOMato
I'm ??? the totem don't stop me, Mariah, I'm on a roll, ohh
[Intro]

Look, I was gonna go easy on you and not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on, chiga-chick chick-chick on)
Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble, and if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances
You are just what the doc ordered

[Hook 1]

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slapbox, slapbox?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rapbot

 [Verse 1]

 But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
 I got a laptop in my back pocket
 My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
 Got a fat knot from that rap profit
 Made a livin’ and a killin’ off it
 Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
 With Monica Lewinsky feelin’ on his nut-sack
 I'm an MC still as honest
 But as rude and as indecent as all hell
 Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with)
 This flippity, dippity, hippity hip-hop
 You don't really wanna get into a pissing match with this rappity-rap
 Packing a Mac in the back of the Ac, backpack rap crap, yep, yep, yackity-yak
 And at the exact same time
 I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing that
 I'll still be able to break a motha-fuckin’ table
 Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
 Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
 How could I not blow? All I do is drop “F” bombs, feel my wrath of attack
 Rappers are havin’ a rough time period, here's a Maxi-Pad
 It's actually disastrously bad for the wack
 While I'm masterfully constructin’ this master piece (yeah) cuz…

 [Hook 2]

 I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
 Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slapbox, slapbox?
 Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard

 [Verse 2]

 Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have got
 Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberance
 Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
 Hit the earth like an asteroid, did nothin’ but shoot for the moon since (ppeeyoom)
 MC's get taken to school wit’ this music
 Cause I use it as a vehicle to bus the rhyme
 Now I lead a new school full of students
 Me? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac N-
 -W.A, Cube, Hey Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
 Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and bein’ in a position
 To meet Run DMC, and induct them, into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
 Roll Hall of Fame
 Even though I’ll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
 Only Hall of Fame I’ll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
 On the wall of shame
 You fags think it's all a game 'til I walk a flock of flames
 Off a plank, and tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
 Little gay looking boy
 So gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boy
 You’re witnessing a mass-occur
 Like you’re watching a church gathering take place looking boy
 Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boy
 You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
 And a way to go from your label everyday looking boy
 Hey, looking boy, what’d ya say looking boy?
 I get a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy
 I'm work for everything I have
 Never ask nobody for shit, get out my face looking boy
 Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
 To keeping up with the same pace looking boy cuz…

 [Hook 3]

 I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
 The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar
 Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
 Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard

 [Verse 3]

 So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotent
 Let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
 And I should not be woken
 I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
 But I got your mom deep throating
 I'm out my ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodle
 I'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
 It's me, my honesty's brutal
 But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
 For good at least once in a while
 So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
 Enough rhymes ta maybe try to help get some people through tuff times
 But I gotta keep a few punch lines just in case cause even you unsigned
 Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
 I know there was a time where once I
 Was king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
 So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
 Appeal with the skin color of mine
 You get too big and here they come trying to censor you
 Like that one line I said on "I'm Back" from the Mathers LP1
 Where I tried to say I’ll take seven kids from Columbine
 Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
 See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was
 But I'm morphin’ into an immortal coming through the portal
 You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
 And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
 You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking cornrows
 You write normal, fuck being normal
 And I just bought a new Ray gun from the future
 To just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
 Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather’s pad
 Singin' to a man while he play piano
 Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
 So Ray J went straight to radio station the very next day
 ''Hey, Fab, I'ma kill you''
 Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
 Uh, summa lumaa dooma luma you assuming I'm a human
 What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
 Innovative and I'm made of rubber
 So that anything you say is ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
 I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating
 How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
 Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting
 For the day that they can say I fell off, they'd be celebrating
 Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
 I make elevating music, you make elevator music
 Oh, he's too mainstream
 Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
 It's not hip hop, it's pop, cause I found a hella way to fuse it
 With rock, shock rap with Doc
 Throw on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose it
 I don't know how to make songs like that
 I don't know what words to use
 Let me know when it occurs to you
 While I’m ripping any one of these verses, that versus you
 It’s curtains, I’m inadvertently hurtin' you
 How many verses I gotta murder to prove
 That if you were half as nice your songs, you can sacrifice virgins to (ughhh)
 School flunky, pill junky
 But look at the accolades the skills brung me
 Full of myself, but still hungry
 I bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to
 And I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tongues
 But it's still tongue and cheek, fuck you
 I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel, I'm asleep in the front seat
 Bumping Heavy D and the Boys, still chunky, but funky
 But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
 Angels fight with devils and here's what they want from me
 They're asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
 But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I have
 Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
 And understand the discrimination
 But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then
 But if I can't batter the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
 Don't mistake it for Satan
 It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
 And take a vacation to trip abroad
 And make her fall on her face and don't be a retard
 Be a king? Think not - why be a king when you can be a god?
[RBX]
Remember me? ("Seven executions")
Remember me? ("I have no remorse")
Remember me? ("I'm 'High Powered'")
Remember me? ("I drop bombs like Hiroshima")

For this one it's the X, you retarded?
Cause I grab the mic and get DOWN, like Syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses, without boundaries
which qualifies me for the term "universal"
Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not, the one you wanna contest, see
cause I'll hit yo' ass like the train did that bitch
that got "Banned From TV" -- heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco-is-the-motion, we comin through
Hollow tips is the lead, the .45 threw

[Sticky Fingaz]
Remember me? ("Throw ya gunz in the air!")
Remember me? ("Slam! Slam!")
Remember me? ("Nigga 'Bacdafucup'")
Remember me? ("Chka-chka-Onyx!")

Niggaz that take no for an answer, get told no
Yeah I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no!!!"
Life a bitch that'll fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
this vet is ahead of,
The shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead-a the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta one metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence? NOPE! Never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? PBBT! You better dead that shit
My name should be "Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit"
Probably sayin, "He ain't a killer", but I'm killin myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggaz in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do, cocksuckers? We glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
'Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin wires niggaz wantin me dead, wantin my head
You think it could be somethin I said? {*echoes*}

[Eminem]
Remember me? ("I just don't give a fuck!")
Remember me? ("Yeah, fuck you too!")
Remember me? ("I'm low down and I'm shifty!")
Remember me? ("I'm Shady!")

When I go out, I'ma go out shootin
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryin to clear up my fuckin' image,
so I promised the fuckin critics
I wouldn't say "fuckin" for six minutes
(*click* Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin these crazy thoughts
in my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
("Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?")
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
and stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick sick dreams of picnic scenes, two kids, sixteen
with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
FUCK THAT! PBBT! Tou faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
and re-appear in hell with a can of gas, AND a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you starin at, nigga?)

Don't you remember me?!
Remember me?!!
Remember me??!
REMEMBER ME!!!!
[Verse 1]
I bust in, devilish grin, disgusting
Asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt chin
Calling all party animals, get on the floor
When I pop up on some whack a mole shit
In search of a chick who stacked them so thick
And implants are so big
She can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits
Like Ann Nicole Smith
Bodies bananas and sass to go wit'
I spot you at first glance and go, "shit"
You wearin' those pants that don't fit
That part won't ever give up
That's why you stick it out no matter what
'Cause you got an ass that won't wit'
So, get on the horn, my saxophone
Grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow
You just laugh and go heehee
'Cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate
That's why

[Chorus]
I love you, 'cause you in need, need of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah me)
I said I love you, 'cause you in need, need of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me)


[Post-Chorus]
You know, I'm wearin' a new shirt tonight too, yo
With me on it

[Verse 2]
I'm lookin' at your type real like a sightseer
Your botty is heavy duty, like diarrhea
The plan's to bring you to my house
You're drinkin' Jack and Bean
I'm thinking soon as trampolines so we should bounce
But you're out of your two-top if you're thinking that 'mi casa es su casa'
Yeah, you're a cute fox
Perfect ten so back that up like a moonwalk
Girl, you're smoking like Snoop Dogg
But you most be tokin if you think you're taking over my quarters
There goes the diamonds and the jukebox
Two shots, a blue hypnotic and soon I'll
Turn this brooha to a barroom brawl
So hit smash on the break like the cue ball
Turn the volume all the way up on your boombox
And excuse the locker room talk, I'm just too raw
But apparently, so are you, ma
'Cause you just kicked me in the balls and told me to screw off
And that's why

[Chorus]
I love you, 'cause you in need, need of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah me)
I said I love you, 'cause you in need, need of me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me)

[Bridge]
Can I take you home, where we can be alone
Shawty, you the shit
Girl, I ordered you to sit
I know you're probably feeling me more than you admit
Pull up a chair, sweetie, let me order you a drink
I only go to meetings court-ordered from a shrink
From the bottom to the top, floor to ceiling
You ain't run of the mill, you're one in a million
'Cause real tits are still fun
But everybody knows fake tits are still better than real ones

[Verse 3]
So come and spend the night with the guy most terrified of
But tonight, curiosity overrides ya
Besides ya (I love)
Like a stunter pistol
Crystal and slides huns, tonight I'm your pie love
'Cause you should be up in the sky, girl, you're so fucking fly
You belong in the mile high club
So come on baby, the nights young
Don't string me along, I'm high-strung
We might bring it up, [?]try for Cy Young
Fuckin' for, we get to the house, screwin' our brains out
Like changing a lightbulb
That's why I like ya, 'cause I'm crazy just like ya
Now everytime I get brain, you screw mine up
I barely can think straight, your head game is a mindfuck
So ready, set, aim, and fire
Yes babe, I'm fallin' in likeness kinda
But I love


[Chorus]
I love you, 'cause you're like me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah me)
I said I love you, 'cause you're like me
That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (yeah, me)
Damn girl
You drive me crazy
You may be crazy too
You make me do things I normally wouldn't do
You make me feel things that I never felt
It gotta be the real thing cause you remind me of myself
Hawk-tuah

With balls in his durag, he sags, fearin' no man
He stands, pen in his hand like Edward Scissorhands
Will slice competition and just goes about his business
Anyone who knows about him knows about his shindig
Shenanigans, and all his whacky antics in the papers
Shank is danglin', the baby tangled in a blanket, stranglin'
I'm hangin' him over the railing by the ankles on some gangster shit
Child endangerment, dark brain arcane but it Mark Twainin' it

You aren't tamin' it, sharp pain in the heart
Aimin' a bar chain but it carve names in it
Start sprayin' and start ravin' 'em, you starve, ravin' it
You're at arm's length, you're in harm's way of it
'Bout to show your ass why I'm still a pain in it
You wanna know how I do it? I can't explain this shit
Mechanic's brain with a pinch of Big Daddy Kane in it
But I can show you the ropes 'til you get the hang of it
Elephant's eye, this of the tough element
Of intelligent hoodlum, arrested development
Cellar dwellers and wise intelligence, it's elementary
Through hell I went, accelerate from lack of melanin
Failin' in school, smart eloquent
Help me to rebel against shit, so well and bent
So eloquently, yet, I was irrelevant
Soon as I quit givin' a fuck and started to sell a bit
Now just travel inside the mind of a hater
'Cause I don't see no fans, all I see's a bunch of complainers
"Kendrick's album was cool but it didn't have any bangers"
"Wayne's album or Ye's, couldn't tell you which one was lamer"

"Joyner's album was corny, Shady's new shit is way worse"
"Everything is either too tame or there's too much anger"
"I didn't like the beef so I hated Might Delete Later"
You nerdy pricks would find somethin' wrong with 36 Chambers
So what they do for the greats? Pick the part of Picasso and make excuses to hate
So you can wait for your flowers until you're blue in the face, stupid
You ain't gonna get 'em until your funeral, wait (Hm)
[Jay-Z]
Motherfuckers -
say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels (bling bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothin, I made somethin doin
what I do through and through and
I give you the news - with a twist it's just his ghetto point-of-view
The renegade; you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture, bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they
pop toasters, and they live with they moms
Got dropped roasters, from botched robberies niggaz crotched over
Mommy's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No he's not around - now how that sound to ya, jot it down
I bring it through the ghetto without ridin 'round
hidin down duckin strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin relate to it?
I help them see they way through it - not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth; you lose your tie and your shirt

[Eminem]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin his music to steer it, sharin his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America
as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment?
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased
And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage!
(Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go - he's {*Jigga joint Jigga-chk-Jigga*
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the

[Chorus: Eminem + Jay-Z]
[Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
[Jay] Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a {RENEGADE Never been afraid to holler
about anything {anything? Anything {ANYTHING!

[Jay-Z]
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent of lives lost on the project bench
Whatchu hollerin? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin braver
Doo-rag wrappin my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me - I'm awkward, I box leftier often
My pops left me an orphan, my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't grown; 'specially on nights
I brought somethin home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor - thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin green up
Raisin my fingers to critics; raisin my head to the sky
Big I did it - multi before I die (nigga)
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight

[Eminem]
See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie
while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Morons, take a bath with the Catholics
in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful
The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you
What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin

[Chorus] - repeat 2X
[Royce Da 5'9"]
Yo yo, it's several different levels to pickin' up shovels
And dumpin' you in ditches under sea level
Frontin' you when I'm wit this
Let me refreshin you niggaz til you my position in this
Beef! - Leavin' you under Venice, opposition finished!
There it is, we invaded created a Pyramid -
Of a Haven of names, so blame Dre, and that ear of his
So {*heavy breathing*} breathe, I'd rather REACH for your neck
And I never HEAT you for respect, unless you GREET me wit less
I got a skunk, in my trunk
I'm lyin', I got a pump in my trunk
Your dyin, how many lumps niggaz want?
Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all
We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw
I stand firm, and it hurts to live it
You open that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit it
Slap a hoe, snatch a mic!
Bein brought to y'all in black and in white
(IT'S the NEW!) Joe Jackson and Ike, we renegades

[Eminem]
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it
Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference - they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment?
Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased
And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage!
(Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't
Think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go - he's Royce, he's the King Of Detroit
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the

[Chorus: Eminem + Royce]
[Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE!
[R9] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say
what's on my mind at, any given time of day
Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk
About anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING)

[Royce Da 5'9]
I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof
Hand him a pint of Limon and turn him loose!
I'm tired of you new jacks
I'm tired of niggaz that's like - "I'm bout to blow!"
Unless you a bitch, we dont care if you bout do that
Move back, youngster, the glock on speak
Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco meat!
The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya
Or flash the clip, or give you the picture (developin)
Click clock, six shots blows through another door
And it gets hot, Hip Hop portable tug of war
Who did ya niggaz beats you bitches, who made it work?
Dat shit was *phwrt!*, I got harder 2-Way alerts
Just when I thought my dogg couldn't get any meaner
You talk about his daughter, you probably gettin the heater
You talk about his momma, he won't even give ya the finger
(He's crazy!) Deranged!, not media eaters, we renegades 

[Eminem]
See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me
As a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie
while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful
The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you
What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin'

[Chorus x2]
If I'm elected for ten terms 
I'm renewing the staff after the inagural 
And hiring all girls as interns 
If I don't like you, I'll snatch you outta your mic booth 
While you're rappin and pull your right through the window and fight you 
I'll take you straight to the pavement 
Uppercut you, and scrape your face wit a bracelet 
Like a razor that shaved it 
Three drinks and I'm ready to flash 
Runnin on stage in a G-string, wit a bee sting on my ass (Look!) 
It's probably all cuz I ain't awkward at all 
I just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall 
And have a relapse after I just fought through withdrawl 
(Hop in the car little girl, I just bought you a doll) 
The Bad and Evil movement is comin 
Plus the music is pumpin like a pill freak wit a tube in his stomach 
I write a rhyme a day 
So it's no wonder how come your whole album 
Is soundin like a bunch of shit that I would say (CAGE!) 
Whether it's one verse or one letter 
I'll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun ever 
It's Slim Shady and Tony Touch, it's only us 
The rest of y'all are just stuck in the middle wit Monie Love
[Eminem]

I wasn't born mean I was pushed to 
I walked the streets looking for some puss to fetch me
I like a veggie brain, turn to mush, I'm edgy
Edgy enough to give Reggie Bush a wedgie
If he don't give me Kim things could get messy
So pass that ass to me, let me squish the left cheek
and pressed against the right one till it's smushed against me
and leave a dead body in the woods the mc
With the Christopher Reeves beef, we started off on the wrong foot
Or should I say fake leg, made outta wood? I shouldn't, yes I should
Riding through the hood, I'm chilling with Westwood
I'm quite mellow, a white fellow
My pee is bright yellow, I like jello, I'm like hello
To a cute little dike on the mic, I'm kinda like...
Iron Mike cos i bite earlobes

[Mr. Porter]

See. I'm The First One On A Class
And The Last To Leave
I Mean The First One To Leave Out OF Class
Believe That I'm A Mailbox Pimp In My Heart 'til I Die
Even After I'm All Gone And My Ashes Fry
Went From An Ashy Guy
Class Clown This High
To A Grown Ass Man Seekin'
Motherfuckin' PayPa
Runyon Ave's The Click
D12's The Gang
We've Been Spittin' In Six
Since We Was Little Babes
Gaga Goo Goo Nana Nanee Doo Doo Never
Word To My Homie. Em
I'm Just Too Too Clever
A 45 Shot 'll Leave A Nigga
Face Lopsided
The Kick From The Barrel
Make You Think - I'm Cockeyed!
When I Bust It Off In The Crowd
Niggas Start Diving
Greg Location Lower The Bar
I Ain't Lying!
Hot Ain't Lee Tools
Not Defying The Soldier
Runyon Ave. Soldier Equals Death
When It's Over
It's None Colder Then. Niggas
Than Under Distrail Of Struggle
Fly The Street Muscle
We been Had The Hustle We Been Had The Hustle
Hire Street Muscle We Bee Had The Hustle

[Eminem]

Me and Westwood blasting off
Jacking off in a pair of Acid Wash, bumping Asher Roth
Crusin Gratiot till i damn near﻿ crash the car 
Tryna smash a moth on the dash, hit the overpass-went off 
Over the bridge, into on coming traffic
Caused a massive 42 car pile up, not a scratch at all
Hocked up holding a axe and saw
Jason mask is off but my face is plastered in Tabasco sauce
Spitting flames, kicking fire out ya ass
Ya little bastard, you can pass it on, I'm battery acid dog
You don't wanna get my ass ticked off
I'm harder than playing basketball when I'm going through crack withdraw
Dick's so big it's like estlastic
I tie it in a knot and it looks like Mr. Fantastic
Crossed the path of plastic man, with a drastic force and went spastic
Put my penis on Classic Sports
[Verse]
I've drowned in high from the ashes now I can't recall your laughter The smoke of every single grasp but ends of whats left over
And the lights in every broken blown our window screaming, laughing
I love to feel the course hang out
This is our revival
[Verse 1]

Yeah, Yeah... Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
(What's your name?) Marshall
(Who's your daddy?) I don't have one
My mother reproduced like a komodo dragon
And had me on the back of a motorcycle
Then crashed in the side of loco-motive with rap, I'm loco
It's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum
About to explode all over the canvas
Back with the Yoda of rap in a spasm
(Your music usually has them)
(But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't
Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan)
A Jedi in training, colossal brain and, thoughts of entertaining
But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and
Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting
(puke) Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk
Full of such blind rage I need a seeing eye dog
Can't even find the page, I was writing this rhyme on, (oh..)
Its on a rampage, couldn't see what I wrote I write small
(It says) Ever since I drove a 79 Lincoln with white walls
Had a fire in my heart, and a dire desire to aspire, to DIE HARD
So as long as I'm on the clock punching this time card
Hip hop ain't dying on my watch

[Hook]

But sometimes, when I’m sleeping, she comes to me in my dreams
Is she taken? Is she mine? Don’t got time, don’t care, don’t have two shits to give
Let me take you by the hand, to promise land, and threaten everyone
Cause there’s no rhyme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge]

Nah, (Whats your name?) Marshall
(Who’s your daddy?) I don’t know him, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Haha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)
NO

[Verse 2]

If he had, he wouldn’t have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
I wouldn’t be so mad, my attitude wouldn’t be so bad, yeah, dad
I'm The epitome and the prime example of what happens
When the power of the rhyme falls into the wrong hands, and
Makes you want to get up and start dancing
Even if it is Charles Manson who just happens, To be rapping
Blue lights flashing, laughing all the way to the bank
Lamping in my K-Mart mansion, I’m in the style department
With a pile in my car, ripping the aisle apart
With great power comes absolutely no responsiblity, for content
Completely, despondent, and condescending
The king of nonsense and controversy is on, a
Beat killing spree, your honor, I must, plea
Guilty, cause I sparked a, Revolution
Rebel without a cause, who caused the evolution of rap
To take it to the next level, boost it
But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it
(Hip hop is the devil's music) Is that me? It belongs to me?
Cuz I just happen to be, a white honky devil with two horns
That don't honk but every time I speak you, hear a beep?
But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper
Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch
Cause its the…

[Hook]

It's the time of the season, when hate runs high
And this time, I won't give it to you easy
When I take back what's mine with pleasured hands
And torture everyone, that is my plan
My job here isn't done
Cause there's no ryhme or no reason for nothing

[Bridge]

(Whats your name?) Shady
(Who’s your daddy?) I don’t give a fuck, but I wonder
(Is he rich like me?) Doubt it, ha
(Has he taken, any time, to show you what you need to live?)

[Verse 3]

So yeah dad let's walk
Let's have us a father and son talk
But i bet we probably wouldn't get one block
Without me knocking your block off
This is all your fault
Maybe that's why I'm always so bananas
I appeal to all those walks of like
Whoever had strife
Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like
Cause I related to the struggles of [young] America
When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles
Now they're ripping out their fucking hair again
It's hysterical, I chuckle
Cause everybody bloodies their bare knuckles
Yeah, uh oh, better beware knuckleheads
The sound of my hustle says don't knock
The doors broken it won't lock
It might just fly open, get cold cocked
You critics come pay me a visit
Misery loves company, please stay a minute
Kryptonite to a hypocrite
Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it
Too busy getting stoned in your glass house
To kick rocks, and you wonder why I lash out
Mister Mathers as advertised on the flyers
Spread the word cause I'm promoting my passion till I'm passed out
A completely brain dead Rainman
Doing a bankhead in a restraint chair
So bitch, if you shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
Or get shanked in the pancreas, I'm angrier than
All 8 of the reindeer put together with Chief Keef
Cause I hate every fucking thing, yeah
Even this rhyme bitch, and quit tryna look
For a fucking reason for it that ain't there
But I still am a CRIMINAL
Ten year old degenerate grabbing on my GENITALS
The last Mathers LP that went diamond
This time I'm predicting this one will go EMERALD
When will the madness end, how can it when
There's no method the pad and pen
The only message that I have to say is:
Dad, I'm back at it again
Bitch
[Eminem]
Once you call my name out things will never be the same
They shoulda never let us get our foot in this game

Ever since I was introduced to rap music
I been missin a screw like Bishop in Juice, I could lose it
at any moment, those who know me know it
So they probably told to go with the flow, just so that
I don't explode and, have another episode
where I let it go as far as the one with Benzino did {*gun cocks*}
I'm waitin for that next beef, I'm cocked locked and loaded
I'm ready to go so bad
I'm goin bananas, my dick's so hard Anna Nicole could
use it to fuckin pole-vault with
Oh shit! I mean when she was still bloated
before they cut her stomach open and lypo'ed it
Anybody I throw flames at, gets a name
It's a game, cause they know that they don't spit the same
It's a shame, what people do for ten minutes of fame
Everyday it's the same thing
People in this game try to buddy-buddy us
Just to get close enough to study us
Everybody just wants to have somethin to do with that
They all tryna get that stamp
They after that Shady/Aftermath money
It's like a monopoly
They probably just now finally understand How to Rob fully
50 Cent was like a fuckin jackpot for me
And Dre, it's like we hit the fuckin lottery
and the damn slot machine at the same time as each other
Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers?
When we rhyme with each other, in time we discovered
that we had more in common that we thought with each other
Both robbed of our mothers, our fathers ain't want us
What was wrong with us, was it our fault?
Cause we started thinkin God doesn't love us
Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time
What a coincidence it is, cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica
Queens, I still remember the call up at Chung King cause
Big L had just got popped just a month before
If 50 lives he's gettin dropped from Columbia
Two years later me and Doc had to come and uhh
Operate, that's when he popped up at number one
And we ain't never gonna stop if you wonderin
Even if I'm under the gun
You ain't got to agree all the time with me or see eye to eye
There'll always be animosity between you and I
But see the difference is, if it is, I could give a shit
Still gonna conduct motherfuckin business as usual
Egos aside 'fore I bruise 'em all
Swallow your pride 'fore I step on it with shoes you call
Nikes, Earthlings, how do you like these?
You gotta love 'em, look at the bottom of 'em, they're like cleats
Stompin, I been rompin
since Tim Dog was, hollerin, Fuck Compton
I was whylin, freestylin
Back when, they were still makin, Maxell casettes
It wasn't even rap shelters yet, that tells us that
any doubts in your head that seals the shit
Ricky ticky toc, ticky ticky toc
Still with the Diggy Diggy Doc, Diggy Diggy Doc
And ya don't stop...
Intro:
Aw man, yeah
You ever be in the club man, you get in a fight
And people that you don't even know jumping

Verse 1:
You feel like you wanna hit something, your fist clenches, your pissed
You just wanna get someone with shit, jump em ??
You're bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away
I'm splitting your shit wide open, no stitches could save
So die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way
You end up going out, but I guess it just is I'm afraid
Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say isn't this great
On lookers participate in this ass kicking debate
They're starting to take place in the middle of the street
Little did you know there'd be an all out brawl soon as you heard this beat
Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene, but its too late
It's absolute pandemonium, whisked away
In a ambulance is your fate, nothing nobody told you when you
Left your house today coulda made you anticipate
Such an ass whooping, okay, til the anger dissipates
You get punched in the face, reciprocate

Chorus:
So what the deal, ridaz
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts
My balls are feeling a-mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull em through my britches
I said...

Verse 2:
You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies
You better go get your mace cuz shady said so
You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
That's how fucking rowdy you feel, now do you still wanna grill
If you don't wanna get the shit beat outta you, chill
Cuz if you doubt me you will, yea got me a pill, found me a thrill
I got a couple of drinks here and I'm bound to refill
Girl howdy, how do you feel maa'
This cocksucker did not spill my drink, Oh hell no
He must be tryna kill my buzz, I will not budge
And what the deal ridaz
Now here they all come and they got your back in like 2 seconds flat
That's probably a record yea, you wasn't expecting that
Cuz they want in on the act, there's a cognac
Bottle, we snuck it in cuz the beer that they were serving here was only tap
I'm biting, I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts
You're frightened like this guy might hurt me
You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder
Play smarter, you may start a you need a chainsaw to
Dig your way out of, go powder your nose
Pussy the harder you yell, the harder I slap the shit out of you hoes
You set it off faggot, so now how do you spose
We settle it, hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes

Chorus:

Outro verse:
It's shear hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles
We're tussling, the crowd's starting to cheer us
And adrenaline's rushing through us just like a geyser gushing
Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm strangling your windpipe
And nothing my signatures, ligature marks
Look at you all big with your remarks, and I swing an icepick at your heart
At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart
And dig at you and break you down like the bitch that you are
The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car
The pain inflicted upon you, it's so sick, it's bizzare
Shit, this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far
As having me wanna rip out your frickin ligaments argh
You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails, for that
You catch an open-hand slap, break off your nail like bap
In fact, I'll have the crowd smacking you themselves
Where's D12, I don't feel like doing this by myself

Chorus:

Outro:
I'm feeling hard as hell right now
Almost feel invincible
Hey Dre you got me feel like I can't be touched right now fool
Come on stab 'em???
[Verse 1]
I feel phenomenal as usual
Pharmaceuticals, glue sniff and pools of vomit at Bonnaroo
But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee, Chicago, or Houston
In the corner trying to seek solitude
Shallow but such a hollow dude
I won't even swallow solid food
Alcoholic too, plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa
Top it off I'm on mushrooms so fuck all of you
Roses are violet, mollies are blue
Lost in a ball of confusion
Its all an illusion
It's probably the shrooms I'm on
Cause I think I started hallucinating
Cause I just thought I heard Jay Electronica and Odd Future's new shit
And all I can do is follow the music
And end up with Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza
Fillin' water balloons with nail polish remover
Just to pop 'em and wallow in fumes
I feel uptight I gotta get looser
After I finish polishing off this bottle of booze I got a solution
Concentrated like orange juice so I'm not as diluted
Cause all this delusion got me seein' shit
Excusez-moi but that coochie that passed
You see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze
But juicier ass, it belongs in a juicer
It's mouth waterin' too so I walked up to it like I'm Marshall
Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll introduce ya
Oh I'm a misogynist too but I'm not a masseuse
But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth
A chronic abuser, and I don't mean a user of marijuana
I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of you losers
Got a bazooka, a shotgun, a ruger, a Glock, and a nuke
And a Rottweiler too, and I'm not in the mood so
When I say I'm bringing the TEC out
I'm not coming to repair your fuckin' electronic computers
God, I'm gonna puke
I'm so gone off the hookah
I think I swallowed a loofah
I'm tore up, demolished, a fuckin' stone like Oliver
Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her
The thoughts I produce are loony tunes
The box of reusable latex gloves and the socks and the shoes
That were placed next to Veronica's boobs
And the paycheck stubs that were stuffed in the glove box
In a blue Honda with used condoms were clues
The girl was just not the one suitable for him

[Hook]
Right for me, will change me, rearrange my head to be
Just right for you and me, don’t laugh, please listen, to me

[Verse 2]
Thought I’d give in to the pressure
Collapse and crumble perhaps
Relapsing under that
Well that's a bunch of crap
In the clutch, I'm the Captain Crunch of rap
And I'm sick of acting humble, that's enough of that
Fuck that shit, cut the sack
It's a natural reaction
That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match
Cause push keeps coming to that
I can keep getting my ass kicked and coming back
Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit, still mad
Disgruntled, had some struggles, yeah
But that passionate hunger's back
The fantastic juggling act
And the way I flip my tongue on the track
It's like verbal acrobatics
But in fact
Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic
I fuckin' crashed my hovercraft
After I strapped the duffel bag to my back
And stuck the massive punchin' bag in it
An elastic bungee strap, proper plaster, a thumb tack
And a piece of plastic bubble wrap
Went spastic and fuckin' snapped
Jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid
Stumbled back, recovered, back flipped
And landed on a gymnastic tumble mat
And for my last trick, lunge on back lash
On a NASA shuttle flap, fuckin' snapped the rudder in half
Chuckled and laughed, buttaled my last rebuttal
And just asked him to come crash
And I grab my Go-Go-Gadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress
And ceramic construction hat
Rubbed my magic mushroom tat
Fell off then splat, get up from that
Face taped to a waste paper basket
Throw up then gasp, lungs collapse
And that's more likely than finding someone that's

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Couple of shots of Jäger
Public intoxication, dis-fuckin'-combobulation
Flooded with thoughts of anger
While I was away I know probably some of you got to thinkin'
"You're top ten ain't cha?" stop it cause you fuckers are talkin' crazy
And stop interrupting you're not even up in the conversation
Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous
Underground, pop, or nameless, whatever your job is
I came to fuck with your occupation
You're thinkin' just cause you came in with scrubs
And you brought the scalpel and sponge
The oxygen tank and the suction and shot the brain surgeon
Stuck in the operating room
Once you done swapped your name with him
Smuggled in Ronald Reagan
Dug him up; Donald Fagen
While juggling waffles baking
A fuckin' McDonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagle
They flung it across the table
Then bump it and knock it shake it
Jumped and got in the way then disrupted my concentration
I said fuck it and lost my patience
They all woke up from sedation
Ain't none of you Dr Dre
So then what is it got you thinkin'
You can fuck with this operation?
Aftermath, still running hip-hop amazing
I'm still pluggin' along
No need for an assumption
Here's confirmation
I'm up for the long duration
I'm just looking for something to walk away with
Some pocket change and a little integrity
Though I'll probably be jumpin' across the stage
Till I'm fuckin' Madonna's age and
Stuck in an awkward place in my life
But I shit you not like I'm plugged up with constipation
That day will come before I finally stumble upon some lady that’s

[Hook]
[Chorus: Ed Sheeran]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth in my lies right now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

[Verse 1: Eminem]
He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack
Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched
On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict
And she just wants to exact revenge and get back
It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet-pack
She's kept track of all his Internet chats
And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next
Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks
'Cause she loves danger, psychopath
And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that
But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back
Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand
So she's been on the web lately
Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, despite her man
And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care
"Hi Suzanne" but I shoulda' said "Bye Suzanne"
After the first night, but tonight I am

[Chorus: Ed Sheeran]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth in my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

[Bridge: Eminem]
One-night stand, turned to a two-night stand
It was "come sunlight, scram," now we hug tight, and...

[Verse 2: Eminem]
He found out, now she feels deserted and used
'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too
Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through?
It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, and Sue
Don't want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth
Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you
So I revert to the studio, like hole-in-the-wall diners
Don't have to be reserved in a booth
I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's
Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew
And now that I got you I don't want you
Took advantage in my thirst to pursue
Why do I do this dirt that I do?
Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech
Detergent and bleach is burnin' the wound
'Cause now with her in the womb
We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew
To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit
Fuck!

[Chorus: Ed Sheeran]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth in my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run

[Bridge: Eminem & Ed Sheeran]
My name's (ooh), my name's (ooh)
Denver (ooh), river run
Call me (ooh), call me (ooh)
River (ooh), we'll let the river run

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Always the bridesmaid, never "The bride, hey!"
Fuck can I say? If life was a highway
And deceit was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes
Speeds at a high rate, like I'm slidin' on ice, maybe
That's why I may have came at you sideways
I can't keep my lies straight
But I made you terminate my baby
This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled
What else can I say? It was fun for a while
Bet I really woulda loved your smile
Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it
What's one more lie, to tell our unborn child?

[Chorus: Ed Sheeran & Eminem]
I've been a liar, been a thief
Been a lover, been a cheat
All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me
Well, little one (I'm sorry)
I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up)
If all it's gonna cause is pain
The truth in my lies now are falling like the rain
So let the river run
[Part I]

[Intro: Sly Pyper]
This rap shit divided by panty lines, mm, which side are you on? (Pussy)
Social media got you fuckin' in pantomime, damn, why that line so long? (Rookie)
I'm just caught up in the rapture, tryna be a rap star, I hope I make it out alive (Alive)
I'm a master at masquerading and actin' like I ain't faded, only I can see through my disguise

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Yeah, I walk around more confused than my aunt Linda's man-friend
A black transgender Klan member (What?)
Who's a Caitlyn Jenner fan and a (What?)
Member of Grindr and Tinder
Head empty as an empty abandoned a— (Yeah)
'Partment while I'm dancing a—
'Round all these namеs and labels that I can't memo— (What the fuck?)
'Rizе, now my antennaes
Are up on this PC shit, I'm finna
Go out on my shield like Captain A— (What?)
'Merica, transcender

[Chorus: Sly Pyper]
I'm the god of façade, give me a road rage reason
To black the fuck out and roll with the heathens
Road rage, vroom, vroom, vroom, and I'm speedin'
Fuck that red light, I'm tryna get even

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Yeah, how could I say some shit so mean? (Damn)
They're tryna make my mouth closed like it's clothing (What?)
This what it is though, but this is show biz, so things
Ain't never really truly over 'til Lizzo sings (Like I won't say that)
We should coddle fat people (Yeah), yeah, here's a concept (What?), let's celebrate onset (Yeah)
Diabetes and instead of us dieting we can just have a pie eating contest (Delicious)
And we should be extra nice instead of honest
And instead of exercise (What?)
It's easier to find a triple-X your size
And try to press society to change so you don't have to change
Pick up a way to eat less, them fries make your blood pressure rise
As it starts increasin'
All that starch and grease and
Clogged arteries and
These are the reasons
For your heart disease and
Can't tie your shoes (Why?), it's too hard to reach 'em (Shit)
But the way things been (With what?)
With today's thinking (Yeah)
We should baby them (Why?)
Instead of shaming them (Oh)
But enabling can (Yeah)
Do more harm than good, so call me Abe Lincoln
'cause I'll be honest, I can flip in a blink and
All I need is one little road rage reason
Yeah, blah, blah, blah, I'm the

[Chorus: Sly Pyper]
I'm the god of façade, give me a road rage reason
To black the fuck out and roll with the heathens
Road rage, vroom, vroom, vroom, and I'm speedin'
Fuck that red light, I'm tryna get even

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Yeah, all my obese people, if you're fat, proud, and you know it (Hey)
Raise your hand if you're shoving food in your mouth at this moment (Mmm)
But if you're mad 'cause they're clownin' you for poundin' them donuts (What?)
Put 'em down and either do somethin' about it or own it

[Interlude: Slim Shady & Eminem]
Okay, here we go
Wait, what are you doing?
Fuck's it look like I'm doin'? (What? Nah)
Dyin' our hair
No, stop, stop, ow
Shut the fuck up
You're never gonna–
I said, shut the fuck up
Trust me, I know what I'm doing
Yeah

[Verse 4: Eminem]
So transgender rights, where do I stand? Oh (Uh)
I'm all for 'em, I really am pro (Nah, for real)
But intercourse with you (What?), would I have? No (Nope)
I'm just bein' honest (Yeah), now I'm an asshole (Ho)
Call me a transphobe (Really? Yeah) 'cause I just can't go (What?)
And try and pretend you was never a man though (Sorry)
I mean, damn, bro (Yeah), it's just the way I feel (Uh)
But if I say it will (Mm) it get me cancelled (Yup)
My music get banned (What?), or can it withstand? (No)
This shit is quicksand (Help), man, I'm just sayin' (Ha)
I gotta participate for us to co-exist? Damn
I gotta memorize pronouns of a cis man? (Really?)
How come can't we just show solidarity with a wristband? (Or somethin' like that, you know?)
And this ain't even a diss, trans
People, my dick just won't expand
Them tits won't make it stand
But Caitlyn, big fan (No, wait)

[Part II]

[Verse 5: Eminem]
Oh, you want me to fuckin' chill and tone this shit down, huh? (Yup)
That's Shady speaking his mind like it was his mouth, huh?
You wish he'd grow up and not be so juvenile, huh?
Cash Money Records, this shit's about to go south, huh?
You feelin' stupid now, huh?
Old Slim would've told 'em to put a lid on it like a toilet bowl rim
Hat with the low brim
I'm in the blue corner (What?), white trunks with the gold trim
They bet that I won't win (Yup)
Guess you really showed them (Ha)
Became the best and I made it (Yeah) like Adult Swim
Yeah, but you pick on handicapped people with no limbs
Well then, fuck you, Chris Reeves, and the horse that he rode in

[Outro: Eminem]
Bitch
Ah yeah, yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And who have no idea whats it like to be broke as fuck

[Verse One:]

I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
I'm popping perkasets, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We'll all gone blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While playa haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money will brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
Snakes slither in the grass spineless

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear

[Verse Two:]

My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
Cause when we die we know were all going the same way
It's cool to be player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
They threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

[Chorus]

There's people that love me and people that hate me
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
That Means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
Lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
Right now I feel like just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or sock's on 'em
And them rings you wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunting them I could be taking them to shops to pawn them
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
Cause I never went gold of one song
I'm running up on someone's lawns with guns drawn

[Chorus]
OK, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me!

Mic check one two.. we recordin?
I'm cancerous, so when I diss you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I strangled you to death then I choked you again
Then break your fuckin legs till your bones poke through your skin
You beef wit me, I'ma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer, and beat yer ass legally
I get you blunted off of funny home grown
Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
(Ohh no!!) So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean I lie AND get fucked more than the President does
Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fuckin tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch!)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blonde dreads (Fuck you!)
Every girl I ever went out wit is goin lez
Follow me and do exactly what the song says:
smoke weed, take pills, drop outta school, kill people and drink
And jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin skill
Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white, I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I slap women and eat shrooms then O.D.
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!

Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must have been Ron Gold'
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed em both and smeared blood in a white Bronco (we did it!)
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his Rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray an Aerosol can up at the ozone layer (psssssssh)
My rap style's warped, I'm runnin out the morgue
witcha dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon wit a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm bout as normal as Norman Bates, with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother.. are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone explain to my brain that I just severed
a main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sighed; either I'm high, or I'm nuts
Cause if you ain't tiltin this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass
Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
Cause when I drop this solo shit it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it

I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I've been with 10 women who got HIV
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me!
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably wanna grow up to be just like me!!!
Some days I just wanna up and call it quits,
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks,
Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits,
My life's like one great big ball of shit,

If I could just put it all in to all I spit,
'Stead I always try an' swallow it,
Instead of staring at this wall and shit,
While I sit writers block sick of all this shit,
Can't call it shit,

all I know is I'm about to hit the wall,
If I have to see another one of Mom's alcoholic fits,
This is it, last straw, that’s all, that’s it,
I ain't dealin' widdanother fuckin' politic,

I'm like a skillet bubblin' until it filters up,
I'm about to kill it, I can feel it buildin' up,
Blow this buildin' up, I've concealed enough,
My cup run'ith over, I done filled it up

The pen explodes n' busts, ink spills my guts,
You'd think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts,
Well I'ma show you what, you gon' feel my rush,
You don't feel it then it must be too real to touch,
Peel the dutch, I'm about to tear shit up,

Goosebumps, yeah, I'ma make ya hair sit up,
Yeah, sit up, I'ma tell ya who I be,
I'ma make you hate me, 'cause you ain't me,
You wait, it ain't too late to finally see,
What you close minded fucks were too blind to see,
Whoever finds me's gonna get a finder's fee,
Out this world, ain't no one out they mind as me,

You need peace of mind, here's a piece of mine,
All I need's a line but sometimes,
I don't always find the words ta rhyme,
To express how I'm really feelin' at that time,
Yeah sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, just sometimes,

It's always me, how dark can these hallways be?
The clock strikes midnight, 1, 2, then half-past 3,
This half-assed rhyme with this half-assed piece a' paper,

I'm desperate at my desk if I could just get the rest,
Of this shit off my chest, again, stuck in this slump,
Can't think of nothing, fuck I'm stumped,
But wait here comes something,

Nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out, new pad,
Crinkle it up 'n throw that shit out,
I'm fizzlin' now, thought I figured it out,
Ball's in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out,

I'm afraid, but why am I afraid, why am I a slave to this trade,
Cyanide I'll spit to the grave, real enough to rile you up,
Want me to flip it I can rip it any style you want,

I'm a switch hitter bitch, Jimmy Smith ain’t a quitter,
I'm a sit here 'til I get enough,
For me to finally hit a fuckin' boilin' point,
Put some oil in ya joints,
Flip the coin, bitch, come get destroyed,

An MC's worst dream I make 'em tense they hate me,
See me and shake like a chain-link fence,
By the looks of 'em you would swear that Jaws was comin',
By the screams of 'em you would swear I'm sawing someone,
By the way they running you would swear the law was comin',
It's now or never and tonight it's all or nothin',

Momma, Jimmy keeps leavin' on us, he said he'd be back,
He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest,
I be back baby, I just got to beat this clock,
Fuck this clock, I'ma make 'em eat this watch,
Don't believe me watch, I'ma win this race,
and I'ma come back and rub my shit in ya face,
Bitch, I found my niche, you gon' hear my voice,
'Til you sick of it you ain't gonna have a choice,
If I gotta scream 'til I have half a lung,
If I have half a chance I grab it, Rabbit, run.
Chorus: 
[Pace Won] 
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? 
Outz in the area tearing things up 
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? 
Outz in the area tearing things up (Sing it with me!) 
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? 
Outz in the area tearing things up 
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? 
Outz in the area tearing things up 

[Az-Izz] 
Yo, I'm finally convinced my kindness and innocence 
Is a crime in a sense, climbing a fence 
Diagonally bent, dying in agony in a magically event 
Outz in a fear of family presents 
Capped in clak smoke, pack toast in a black coat 
To roast motherfuckers, over lactose 
Stay skeed off laced weed 
I take cheese, and page trees in the Bricks 
Rolling box of Tracies 

[Pace Won] 
Call a go-go dancer 
Get up in that ass and wreck shop like colon cancer 
Hit it from the back, bitch can't hold her pants up 
Once for my cock, twice for my block, 
I got it locked like handcuffs 
Pacer got a razor, get you and your man cut 
Swing a blow you can't duck 
Throw up your hands, what? 
Nobody on earth could see Pacer 
I get your shit then peel off like Speed Racer 

Chorus 

[Slang Ton] 
I hit you bastards raps fast as Janet Jackson's coochie 
Your raps is half mastered, mad average, wack bologna 
And if you ever wanna get a deal 
You should either OD off skill pills 
Or steal my reel-to-reel 
Most of y'all emcees ain't tight as y'all should be when 
I'm tighter than the jeans that show hoochie chicks' coochie prints 
Outsidaz, we hot as Hell's flames is 
And I'm Slang-iz, my tapes get pumped like twelve gauges 

[Eminem] 
I'm so weeded (How weeded are you?) 
I'm so weeded I can freestyle for sixteen bars (Ha ha ha) 
Right off the top, then go back to the top 
And then repeat it (Ha) 
Write it down on the paper 
And still be able to read it (Sorry) 
I can't read, but I still write to my pen pals (Uh, uh, dear) 
I can't fly, but I still float on cement clouds (Whee!) 
I can't see cause my eyes already been gouged out 
I been down with the Outz for ten thou-sand years 
([Pace Won] So dunn, here?) 
Some weird kids with piercings in more than one ear 
Lauryn, huh? Hill? 
([Pace won] There's more than one? IIIllll) 
What? You want me to stop? Here? 

Chorus 

[Young Zee] 
Yea 
Your girl could suck my dick chewing Big Red 
Till she choke and scrape her wisdom tooth on my dick head 
Puff a tray bag, Outz never pay cabs 
Bust a A-rab, front on taking us up eighth Ave 
Yea, we all of the a volumes 
What be the outcome? 
We selling twenty million albums 
Ay your record, ain't nobody buy that 
You fell off, and had to take your five mic 
And push a white Ac, with a bike rack 

[Axe] 
It's the A, the X, the E 
Why pay for ass, if I can sex for free? 
F' with we, what you expect to see 
Death's your destiny, when it's my time for rest in peace 
Bet they find my pistol next to me 
My dick is giving ecstasy 
Shit I say, spread like leprosy 
I'm on a quest to be, the best emcee 
Living recklessly, cock the weaponry 
Lay you on your back like Lei Wulong from Tekken 3 
Yo follow, never question me 

Chorus 

[Pace Won] 
C'mon yo 
Bust your lip, rush ya clique, what? 
Crush your chick, touch your trick, what? 
Snuff your bitch, crush your whip, what? 
Outz in the area tearing things up
[Intro]
(Same song and dance)
Damn girl (everywhere I go, same song and dance) I like the way you move (all over the globe, same song and dance)
Something about it, man, in the pale moonlight

[Verse 1]
I'm looking at ya, yeah girl your kinda tooken back by
the whole rapper thing aren't ya?
Probably thinkin' you'll get slapped so dang hard ya
won't even be able to stand up straight aren't ya?
Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster
the police constantly buggin' ya non-stop
I walk up on ya, well hello Tonya
I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck
you out of gas? Do you got a flat?
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundry mat
I got your back, why don't you put your landry backets in the back
and sit up front- I'm not asking, it's a trap
you just got jacked and vody snatched and it's wrap
in broad day, and no mask for this attack
if that's a fact it'll take task force to get you back

[Chours]
Yeah baby, do that dance- it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl sake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass, that windshield's too strong for you
i said yeah baby, sing that song- it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all, look at you ball, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance

[Verse 2]
The first victim I had she was a big one
big movie star a party girl big fun
she was the girl the media always picked on
in and out of rehab every four to six months
she was always knows for little pranks and slicks stunts
at Nickelodeon flashed the little kids once
what an event it was, i was sitting in front I
was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns
seen her back stage now here's where I come in son
look here she comes I better pull out the big guns
hello, Lindsay your looking a little thin hun
how bout a ride to rehab? Get in cunt
but starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want
girl I'm just kiddin'; let me start over again hon
what I meant was, we should have a intervention
come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension
you little wench ya, murder wasn't my intention
if I wanted to kill you, it would have already been done
slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her, with 66 inchesof extension
cord

[Chours]
Yeah baby, do that dance- it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl sake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass, that windshield's too strong for you
i said yeah baby, sing that song- it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all, look at you ball, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance

[Verse 3]
My second victim was even bigger than the first
pop star icon the whole works
she played the little school girl when she first
burst up on the scene and it seemed that the world was hers
she twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad, it hurts
it irked me, it made me mad at first
I lashed out in my songs but what was really going on was that I had developed a crush
I just didn't know how to tell it to her
should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collection os skeletons or
footage of me impalin' myself on an elephant tusk?
We'll settle this once and for all I'm a tell her at dusk
tonight, tonight is the night and tell her I must, creep up to her mansion in stilettos and just
climb the gate and ring the bell like hello my love
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up
now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my valium with you cause I'm feeling you Britney
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one
ever since the school girl juvenile delinquent
I've been feeling you ooh-ohoh girl, you sexy little gal you
hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental calue
come on toots, give me the valium alley-oop
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'till you puke
and just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup
I'm bout to, make a new outfit outta you
new outfit shit I'll make a suit out od you, shoot, now show me how you move, baby do how'a you do

[Chours]
Yeah baby, do that dance- it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
girl sake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass, that windshield's too strong for you
i said yeah baby, sing that song- it's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
you sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all, look at you ball, why you cryin' to me?
Same song and dance
[Chorus]
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Hollywood}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
{Why do I feel this way}, sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood
Sayin' goodbye, sayin' goodbye to Hollywood

[Verse 1]
I thought I had it all figured out, I did
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough, for me to get my stuff and just leave
How come I couldn't see this shit myself, it's just me
Nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell, to catch me
The minute shit was heated she just bailed
i'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimetere when it fell
Turned around saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 2]
Bury my face in comic books, cause I don't want to look
At nothin', this world's too much
I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of tylenol I would, and end it for good
Just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should, these problems are piling all at once
Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think i'm bottomin' out
But i'm not about to give up, I gotta get up
Thank God, I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father
So not a lot of good, i'd be to my daughter layin' in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps of my dad
Cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had was growin' up to be like his fuckin' ass, man
If you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans, when I tell 'em i'm...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 3]
I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game, this fame, in real life this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns, i'm done, i'll never look at gats
If I scrap, i'll scrap like I ain't never whooped some ass
I love my fans
But no one ever puts a grasp on the fact i've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt i'd get to the level that i'm at, this is whack
This is more than I ever could of asked
everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood, or mask
What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that
It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt, i'm trapped
If I could go back, I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, i'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein',
everything blow up and all you did was just grow
up emceeing
It's fuckin' crazy
Cause all I wanted was to give Hailie the life I never had
But instead I forced us to live alienated, so i'm sayin'...

[CHORUS]

[Outro]
Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood, {Goodbye},
please don't cry for me, when i'm gone for good, {this shit is not for me},
so goodbye, goodbye Hollywood,
{i'm not a fuckin' star}, please don't cry
for me, when I'm gone for good, {i'm goin' back home}...
[Eminem]
This ain't beef man
I don't know what the fuck to call it
But no beef
Whattup X?

I float like big spirit in this bitch I'm ghostly
Rush me, cause you ain't gonna live to roast me
I'd have my motherfuckin ass kicked by Moby
if I let some bitch in the Can like 'Bis cop over me
to do war, and try to bring my crew back down
I'll never stoop, to that level, to do that now
I got a new cat, this time I'm pullin two gats out
With bullets, I finally got somethin to shoot at now

[Xzibit]
Let's see who got they city on lock
Let's see who got the better aim with the glock
Let's see who come out on top
Let's see who REALLY want they name in the streets
Let's see who wanna die the same time as me
and make ends meet
Now was I, blessed with a gift, or cursed with a curse?
I follow, hearse after hearse, with verse after verse
And I'll be damned if I let Billy dance Dupri
Or anybody swing an axe at my family tree, so now

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I love it when you niggaz be talkin, sayin my name
Seems like your mouth is not connected to your brain
Two-zero-zero-three, and shit, it ain't the same
Better have a strap my nigga, simple and plain
Put your nuts on the table, my nigga let's play the game
Heard you so long, you be up to get the pain
I don't wanna hear what you meant, do not explain
Right before you lay in your coffin, hoe say my name

[Xzibit]
Why do you hate me? (Hate me) I came from nothin
Blood sweat and tears, you did not create me
How can you doubt me? (Doubt me) You don't know shit about me
There'd be no West coast without me
Cut with the bullshit (Bullshit) I struggle for survival
And now you tryin to act like my rival?
Watch what you say partner, it's a small earth
Don't play games with your life nigga, it's not worth
all the pain (all the pain) all the agony (all the agony)
All the horror (all the horrow) all the tragedy (all the tragedy)
Put your hands up people, it's time to fight now
I beat holes in your chest, remain hostile
Threaten my life? (C'mon!) One day you'll understand
They say that pride is the sign of a foolish man
So who the FUCK?! (Who the FUCK?!) you think you talkin to
Live and direct in the flesh, I'm right in FRONT OF YOU!

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I never really smashed on Jermaine's ass, Dre smashed him
Nobody ganged up 'til he came back and jacked him
I never really brought it to his ass, I tapped him
I coulda been like Treach, boom-bapped and slapped him
purple, for mimickin him with two rappin Urkels
I coulda snapped, took it past rap and hurt you
But I didn't, I kept it on wax and served you
I "Square Dance" cause I'm sick of rappin circles
around these clowns, stready tryin to call me out
It's like I'm listenin to motherfuckin dogs meow
You'd probably do better tryin to come and stomp me out
You don't want it with rap, this is what I'm all about - c'mon
(I) No gangsta you ain't either
(Will) But I know that I spit "Ether"
(Not) I shoulda crossed your belly
(Lose) Show you I'm not R. Kelly
X, pass me the weed, I'ma put my ashes out on his ass
For the last time man.. [scratched] - "Watch your fuckin mouth"

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
For the last time man, I'm through
"Say What You Say"
[Dr. Dre]
Huh, so I'm out the game huh?

[Eminem]
Yo Dre, we ridin?

[Dr. Dre]
Whatever

[Eminem]
Well I'm witchu homie

[Dr. Dre]
Ok, Let's handle this small shit 

[Eminem]
I was born to brew up storms 'n stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss til I slur up spit
Grew up too quickly been through too much shit
Corrupt and I'ma pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick and rich, sick and twisted Mr. Buttersworth
Dre tole me to milk this shit for what it's worth
Till the cow just tilts and tips 'n stumbles to earth
And if I fumble the verse, keep going
First take, I make mistakes, just keep it
No punches, pull no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit if I ever take shit, I eat shit
Wasn't for him wouldn't be shit 

[Dr. Dre]
Creep wit me, as we take a little trip down Memory Lane
Been in longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age 

[Eminem]
But what about Jermaine? 

[Dr. Dre]
Fuck Jermaine, he don't belong speakin mine or Timbaland's
name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what
your sayin
I'ma giant, and I ain't gotta move till I'm provoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
Ya midget, Mini-Me, with a buncha little Mini-You's
Runnin around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't had to do it with 10 or 11 year olds 

[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh? 

Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh? 

[Eminem]
Second verse, it gets worst
It gets no better than this
Amatuers drink veteran piss
From a Dixie cup, if you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Canibus or Dre with a Dupri
Will rub it in, every club your in, we'll have you
Blackballed and make sure you never rap a fucken again
Dre ain't havin it as long as Im here, play Devil's Advocate 

[Dr. Dre]
If there was some magic shit I could wave
Over the indusrty that could save it when I'm gone
And bury to make sure the tradition carries on
I would 

[Eminem]
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could 

[Dr. Dre]
From the hood and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered 

[Eminem]
And I'ma only sucker punch or swing without warnin
And swing to knock somebody's fuckin head off
Cuz I know, when they get up, I won't get a chance to let off
Another punch, I'm punk-rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck, white pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up
And sell a mil or grow up to be Atila
Go nuts and be a killer 

[Dr. Dre]
And I'm somethin of a phenom
One puff of the chron
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive, I'm on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us (Come On) 

[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh? 

Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh? 

[Dr. Dre]
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and alize, partyin all day
But I handle my business cuz it's work before play
Don't look for trouble but I serve you gourmet
However you want it, you could have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sendin it your way
That goes for anyone who walks thru that doorway
Cuz this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it and you die tryin to violate it
Fuck around and you'll get anahilated
Eyes diliated 

[Eminem]
Ha, like my old lady
Cuz what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is 2 different things
Depending on your mood, if it swings, think too many things
Little hit of Dre's weed, I can do anything
Catch a contact, then I'm gone and I'm back
I speed write and my loose leaf's my launch pad 

[Dr. Dre]
And I can pull any string
Don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre?
You better get a vest, then invest in something
To protect your head and neck 

[Eminem]
And it's back and forth all day like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said injest
And if I ever do live to be a legend
I'ma die a sudden death, 5 mics in The Source
Ain't holdin' my fuckin breath
But I suffocate for the respect
Fore I breath the collect the fuckin check 

[Chorus:]
Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh? 

Cuz what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you sayin it
Just remember how you said it when you was sprayin it
So who you playin with huh huh huh huh? 

[Dr. Dre]
Watch your fuckin' mouth 

[Timbaland]
Yo this Timbaland, tell him I said suck [tchka] my dick
[Women Singing:]
Ain't no one special, special like you (4X)
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm reminiscing on your tenderness and the snuggling and teasing
Missing what I remember, kissing and hugging and squeezing
Bugging and weezing, I'm having trouble when breathing
It's even tougher when sleeping
But there's a couple of reasons that I'm suffering and grieving
For loving and leaving, you all I'm thinking of in the evening
You got my knees buckling and weakening
Thoughts of nothing but freaking that I'm struggling to keep in
And interrupt when I'm speaking
I got some game that I'm preparing to run
The way your lips sparkle and glare in the sun
You got your hair in a bun, no matter what you're wearing you stun
Cause your comparing to none, I wanna share in the fun
I feel a passionate lust when I'm imagining just us alone at last with a 
touch 
I see you grasping to trust, but my intentions are good
The seed is passing in dust
I'm not asking to rush and answer immediately
I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me
If you agree to repeat after me, I Love You (I love you baby)
Cause I just need you to see, how much I'm eager to be
Your man legally wed, your love's keeping me fed
This is easily said, so you can lead or be led
If you care to be down cause ain't nobody Like you no where to be found

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (4X)

[Verse 2: Denaun Porter]
Baby it's all on you, it's you I call on boo
Let's set a day up so you can fall on through
We'll take a spin in a Lexus you can chill for dinner and breakfast
Long enough to see how this gentleman sex'es
We'll start it out with caviar, Don Parigne
And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on
We'll take it slow, see nobody will hurry things
I got the herbs the Bacardi and Hurricane
If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thing that day
It's still all right cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray
Your an incredible one that's rare, in bed with edible underwear
You look impeccable, nothing compares
I dream of freaking you, the women that will speak it too so
It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do so
Now we all set to play, only thing left to say is
When you step away, baby but don't forget the Neglicie

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
I been searching, but your the one I want in my life baby (8X)
Ain't no one special, special like you (2X)
(Intro)

I don't know man, just feels like, well alot different
Kinda feels like, I'm on a whole different page right now
Feels strange but um, I guess it's kinda like... it's kinda like

(Verse 1)

I feel like I'm morphin, into something so indcredible, that I'm dwarfin'
All competetors, better get your girlfriend in check
It's psychological warfare, and endorphin side-effect
Your self esteem shatters his dialect
Comes blasting out your deck, she loves me
So much passion you'd expect this sort reaction from her yet
Your strong oh, you're fucking corny, you try to turn your charm on
Cause you just think you're Bishop the don one
But if you think you're fucking with me, homie you're on one
I'm cockin' my head back like 'Ed Lover, come on son
She's on my johnson, she brings my name up constant
Your boys are like "she's fucking with dude, she wants son"
Homeboy, you better get a clue
She's on my dick cause I spit better than you
What you expect her to do? How you expect her to act in the sack
When she's closing her eyes, fantasizing of digging her nails in my back to this track

(Hook)

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

(Verse 2)

She's sitting there getting liquored up at the bar
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you
Than to count the things that are
There's a seven disc, CD changer in her car
And I'm in every single slot, and you're not, awww
I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet, a star
And I'm not about to sick back and just keep rhyming one syllable, nah
Switch it up and watch them haters not give it up, cause they're just not good enough
But I'm not giving up til I get my respect, and I won't stop til I get enough
Cause I'm not living up to my own expectations, aww
That hater alarm is sounding off, and Obama took the bomb from my name, aww
So quit crying that I took your dame, homie she's my dame, aww
You sadly mistaken if you thinkin' that I'm not on my game boy
And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came for it
You wear your heart on your sleeve, I sport that white tank boy
But you got a hard on for me, what you hollerin' my name for?
It's your bitch on my dick, ain't my dang fault, man I can't call it

(Hook)

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

(Verse 3)

It's like we're playing lyrical tug of war with your ear
You hear it, girl come here, put your ear up to the speaker
Dear, while I freak this world premier
Seducing her, loosen up with a little freestyle
Wait, am I losing ya? Am I making you look bad?
Well I got news for ya homie, you're losing her
Oh wait she don't like when I spit it fast
Am I tryna show how, let me slow it down
It's still gonna be a blowout
You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album
Rummage through the shit and try to salvage something
To see if you can save any of it punk, but none of it's fucking with me
Prick you really feeling that bullshit?
You think you killing them syllables? quit playing
These beats ain't nothing to fool with
They call me fire Marshall, I shut the shit down
Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round
I am also the opposite of what you are like
You're me ? of what the fuck I am on the mic
I am awesome, and you are just awe-struck
She's love-stricken, she's got her jaw stuck
From sucking my dick, aww fuck

(Hook)

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you

Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
Intro:
Ladies and gentlemen make some noise
Aww shit
Yeah
Y'all ready to get this shit started or what
Aaight,
Well I brought some friends with me too

Verse 1 Eminem:
Now I ain't back just for the sake of just saying I'm back
I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks
Couple Xanax light a couple wax candles then black out
And relapse til I yack Jack Daniels and yap, burp bubbles
Attitudes immaturing, double shot of bacardi party
Vision is blurring, waa hooo I can't see shit
My words get to slurring
Uh oh, you can call me R Kelly now or your in trouble
Whats incurring before after enduring the show
Has no baring on the bad news I'm baring
Whoa what is it word play
No I'm pushing you out the dumps
So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow
Then stomp your fucking feet till you get to squishing a hoe
Its panda-monium stand when you see him, damn
Baby you look good you're giving me wood
You should pull over like a sweat shirt with a hood
You and me both
Break bread while I'm copping over this game
Now pinch a loaf now homie who's your favourite pain in the ass
Who claims to be spitting the same flames as me
I'm Kanye when he crashed
In otherwords I got the hood on smash
Like I stepped on the gas destroyed the front end
Deployed the damn airbags from the dash
Went through 'em and laughed
Came back an hour after the accident and bit
A God damn jaw breaker in half
So stop ??? the funk and start shaking ya ass
Slaughterhouse in the house with the caucasion rapping
Just Blaze on the track
What the fuck is more amazing than that slut
Answer me that, Royce where you at

Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9:
I'm right here fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers
Are prying you apart??? Lump on your head designed by a bar stool
Designed by a cartoon, before I need to be hired
Jimmy 'Io fire Marshall
The 9 tucked against the lining
I pull it out and flip your partner upside down like ya'll are a couple 69ing
It's like Rick James is shooting up your house, *****....fuck your couch *****
You screaming 'fuck the world' with your middle finger up
While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud
My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit for murder
Because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel the OJ the Glove
I got a Posse of Insane Clowns, blow your brains on your opposite ear
Then ask you how your brain sounds
Bad, evil, weirdo, Alfred ???, mad cerebral, you on your last burrito
What that mean Nickel
It's a rap if you eating, get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern
Slaughterhouse on fire, nobody touching that
Good day and good night, Ortiz where the fuck you at

Verse 3 Joel Ortiz:
I'm right here; my Nike Airs buzz light years ahead of my mic peers
Quite scary to look at, a nightmare, where my book at I'll write fear
In the heart of you tight squares, I harbour the art of you nice ???
It's ??? cuz that made me hotter than my dear
Uncle Al's breath after polishing off his 9th beer
Homie chill listen, I swear, I'm God, I give tracks a holy feel
And they bite ears
I'm right here, why wouldn't I be, just waiting to be hooked to IV's
??? brown when you look at my pee
And this joint, no exception, so just point a direction, and record the pig's oink
When I rip his intestines
This isn't just an infection; this won't go away with penicillin injections
Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection
What I exhibit, seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it
Aww shit I did it again, when I lit with this pen, I admitted this phlegm
This time along side Em and the Em
So tell a friend to tell a friend, write a disgusting hook
Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook

Verse 4 - Crooked I:
I'm right here letting the shotty pop
Quick as a karate chop, get your body shot, get your top chopped like a lollipop
Come with Maserati drop, in the body shot
Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molli wopped
I take your life to the 9th inning
A knife in a gunfight I love it me and my knife winning
I laugh when you fall the shit will be funny
I buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money
Man all the bitches holla, they wanna drop my bridges than jaw my dick and swallow
Leave drawers in this Impala, I ball like Iguodala,
I bear more arms than 6 koalas, as soon as a I draw get sent to Allah
I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun, I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn
I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con, a syllable gun
Real as they come, Long Beach Saddam
Slaughterhouse equals swine flu,are South flyin' we do it to  try to do without trying
Cuz to us it's so easy, where, Jump-off Joe Beezy
Comin' to you live at Shade 45 Invasion
The only radio station that plays in rotation
The Shady the slash with the Aftermath with the little Jay on the...

Comin' to you live at Shade 45 Invasion
The only radio station that plays in rotation
The Shady the slash with the Aftermath with the little Jay on occasion
Maybe you may hear some Jada mixed with a plate of some D Block
Spash of 2Pac one being that we don't cater cause we gonna play the fuck
Outta whatever we want this is Shady
And we gonna pump pump the fuck out our own shit
From 50, Obie, Twizzy, Stat Quo and we won't quit fuckin' you up
And we can keep sayin' fuckin' you up
Even till the FCC sayin' shut this dude up
Duck tape a his mouth a do somethin'
Quick fucka do fuck poppa do pop
Skippy dippy pop shit bitch asshole you son of a bitch! Chinga tu madre!
A sucka mama all day hemm delala
Comin' across your scanners it's the brand new station
Shade 45, motherfuckin' Slim Shady bitch and Green Lantern
Shady in the place to be see and it takes what I got to rock the mic right
And that was a freestyle too bitch so suck my dick if you do not like
[Eminem]

Welcome to Detroit
This is the BET Shady 2.0 cypher 2011
Myself, Slaughterhouse and Yelawolf

[Yelawolf]

Put these muthaf-ckas in a box and I send ‘em away
Put em in a grade lac and pop the trunk
Hey throw em in the back, jack hi, dig ‘em a grave
Put a brick inside that Xerox, when I print ‘em a page
Moving keys I cant relate, cause I live in a cage
I throw up the A, I take ‘em to school
I give em a grade
An easy E for effort
Thats WWA, white with an attitude
Alphabet soup is on my plate
All I got is Z’s they sleeping on me, I can’t get ‘em awake
I spoon feed them the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns
who believe they making it rain cause
All they see is the clouds
And I watch from the couch of the VIP like a potato with a bunch of
meatheads like f-ck it
I just feed em a cow
Plenty of white boys you can pick from this year
But before you can pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater
Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic but what its like to pick a
fight with me
It’s like putting Nikes on a cheetah with a speedo or at least in my case Addidas
I might drink this Sprite by the 2 litre
Holla, Shady records

[Joe Budden]

Say I’m from the new school, I’ma say check ya tone and watch ya mouth
If they teaching how to dougie, I’m condoning dropping out
Forced a while you birthed and gave me up
I just perfected being hip hops foster child, now check it
I don’t blame y’all for being trash fans and copping it
The radio’s the crime scene the masses are the hostages
In my youth I throw shots, the fan would dodging it
I’m grown, I aint watching the throne, I’m sabotaging it
You see that four headed monster and the storm looms
Snipe ‘em from a distance, the scope got a long zoom
You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room
Got a figure here you won’t get bigger if you on shrooms
Was left to me I would revive what the game be ’bout
I’da took the wine outta Amy’s house
Enough raps from you scrub cats about cocking a snub back
Wayne couldn’t teach me how to love that
But I got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny
Both parents broke but she comes for money
Think my bread is her paper to burn so I lock her out and now she doubt
David is Stern
She so bad I make her hit the telly from a taxi and dead her in that holiday inn
Learnt that from Max B
Thats why the haters empty condo on a semi lamas
I made it right before the eyes like I was Beni hanas
Is it me, is what I’m hearing this pitiful
Airwaves the same now the stereo’s typical
My skin thick so the critics ignore
So unafraid to die you think I did it before
The boys Rodman with the trash talk
Magic walk with the black ball way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws
Glass jaw, hoody and mask would be the ? with no passport
Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors
If pumps had awards ya status whore categore
Propbably that , Michael Rappaport and Kenny Lattimore
I know hip hops alive and well
If it died, you other crews wouldn’t survive the smell

[Crooked I]

I spot a victim, the plot’ll thicken when the clock is ticken
I caught em slippin, I gotta give em a shot, I hit ‘em with proper spittin
Hottest writtens and compositions, so competitions a contradiction
Somebody mentioned they got it crooked, highly fiction, we probably
different, got Gotti henchmen, opposition our body quick as Bugatti engines
I’m on a mission to get rich, the sickest lyric kickin’ diggin a dish for different spittas
We lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor
Spit like a sick mixture
Notorious Pun and L get the big picture
The poster I’ll roast ya, my mind so deadly its just like the beanie is close to a holster
It’s over control my whole coastal region like I’m supposed ta
Flow is going postal even, open season
Heart close to freezing, ruthless is easy
Approach I’m squeezing, believe me
Dope as westcoast is breathing
So most ya’ll hope I’m vegan, no pun, beefing
Rappers need to keep it trill
Give me a beat to kill too many people still eating sleeping pills
People sleeping on my ether skills
And ya’ll aint even real
You ’bout to die in this cypher before you die you should do the Jada and leave a Will
Foreal

[Joell Ortiz]

Yaooowa
I aint a rap dude, I’m a dude who rap
Before this I was moving crack
Killers y’all would come when y’all rhyme I salute and dap
And if I blink then remove ya snaps, you aint cool you wack
With ya foolish yac’s? skinny jeans dont mean ya ass shoot
It means ya booty claps
Don’t play like Tyler Perry, this the Slaughterhouse of Pain
Float brown, tight and heavy
When it comes to sixteen’s I’m a fiend feinding a studio
Near a needle with a mean lean, probably writing bars that ?
Getting my Yaowa on, may all the Olajuwon’s be the dream team
This is an all day slaughter they feindin for us to break like Beyonce’s water
The four quarters doing all the eating and you gotta know why I made the cut, I’m Puerto Rican
Ortiz keep the fire ready
and tryna put me out’s like tryna steal a transvestite from Eddie

[Royce Da 5'9"]

I’m do or die dope
And you can make the sticker sittin on the door
Of that phantom your suicide note
Hi Rihanna..
Is Nicki living with you? Let me know
So I can buy binoculars and telescopes
Hi Rihanna..
I don’t need to know you better
You tell me you love my music again, we go together
Bye Rihanna..
Now back to y’all fools
We rock out like the outside of a guitar school
Thousand dollar frames, I prefer to see the world through
Don’t ask me nothing bout Budden, I ? my girl too
You ask me why do I keep her? I say it’s cheaper too
That’s why I ride around in a rose like Wiz Khalifa do
Rappers, I’m your daddy, I tell you straight as this
You don’t kill but your father will like jaden smith
I tell ya like I tell my Spanish chick
You fly but I ain’t going down on no ?
So get your wax on like Daniel-son
I’m a have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come
Point out the greatest rapper alive I red dot ‘em
Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom
Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife
While I’m cyber sexing with Jessica Alba, via skype
I’m on my d-boy, d-bo thing
Spiritual steelo swing like cee-lo green
Get out the camera with yo B Roll bling
You know your flow is whack
We cornered the market like a walmart in a culdesac
Yeah, this what 2 million singles sold and a album that’s gold
Look like, without having to sell your soul
Nickle

[Eminem]

Lyrical, miracle, spiritual, individual criminal
Subliminal, in your swimming pool

You ’bout to see peace destroyed
It’ll never be restored
When I unleash these beastly hoards on your CD stores
Wanna stop it, you gon need a priest and at least three swords
A license to ill from the Beastie Boys, 3 ouija boards
And a squeegee and please be warned don’t ask for the squeegees for
Or the holy water, acid rapper that’ll eat these floors
Eat a hole in the rhyme book, you see these horns?
And as for me, you ask where I’m going will he be mourned?
Is puke luke warm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?
Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside her freakin shoebox
with a shoehorn, smother in chloroform so she can go get her groove on?
Can she duct tape and Velcro a fetus? Joell yo,
Tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shell toe adidas
So I can put these babies in the fetal position, they’re getting elbows to
the penis
Yeah, big deal. I took some little kids big wheel
And spit in his fricken big kids meal
Quit tryna bite me and pinch, you win sit still
You just put your six inch heel through my Benz windshield?
Is it dust we bout to kick up?
Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup?
Between a stick shift in his fricken pick up
And drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will till he gets hiccups?
Flippin the script up like Mike Vick
Get bit in his junk by a pit, yup I’m a sick pup
I’d be a horrible magician
Cause I’d f*ck that trick up
Fix ya lips up to say something fly, or zip up
A-B? Let’s C. You said you were gonna do X-Y-Z
Till you f*ck around and get dropped like an E
When you add an I-N-G
Don’t put a K in front of that though, When I MC
Cause I’m not the king of this microphone booth
It’s more like a phonebooth
Superman in this bitch, kryptonite won’t do
It gives me more power, I bump the fat boys and
Eat rat poison, and take meteor showers
Fresh outta the mental hospital and me not flossing a middle finger
While I hop in a mosh pit, will be like Nas doing gospel or R&B, you crazy?
Me pushing up daisies, that thought is impossible
Is it flashing across the news, Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute
With a huge Johnson, boobs, and a monstrous tube of lube
And a bra, some boots, some panties, and an aqua blue Mazda
Swallowing a popsicle, playing tonsil pool
So kill the rumors it ain’t happenin
I’m a rap till I’m fossil fuel
Yeah Goddamn Feels like a long time Dont it??
Did you miss us?
We missed you HA 
SHADY NARCOTICS Its THE RE-UP!
Pussies...
And We'Re back MYSELF
D12 50 Cent Obie Trice Stat Quo...
And we also like to Introduce
The Two newest members of the Family
One goes by the name of Boby Creek
the Other goes by the name of Ca$his
From Orange County
And I think its about we cut the BullShit, lets go!
[Verse 1]
I'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought
I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog
Night club, shit, I was taught
If your CD's on fire you had to put it out yourself like Highland Park, no fire department
So you might not hear sirens at all
But don't be alarmed if I sound off, something just ain't right with me, dog
A martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder?
Widely regarded highly? Bite me, sweetheart, I'm slightly retarded
But tonight I'm startin'
Shit, I'm feeling self righteous and might just hop in a mosh pit on some Mike Tyson and Pac shit
Lookin' to box with anybody, disorderly conduct
I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith
Fan of The LOX, bananas, manic, I'm going in shock
Frantic, I'm trapped in a closet
Panic attack cause I'm claustrophobic
No, faggot, I mean I can't maneuver for movement
Cause I have no room for improvement
I'm practically squashed, compacted and boxed in
Toxic, cans of arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content
Bar exam, start of insanity
Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson
Animal snarls, cannibal jaws
Shark mandibles, lambs to the slaughter
Looking scantless as Hannibal's stalking
Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets
(Whistle)
Black out, Zach Galifianakis
Gallons of Vodka, but that gal has some knockers
I bet'cha they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious
What happened, doc? I passed out again
Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked
Stolen Magnivox and bag of rocks in back of a Datsun
Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics
Too close to the StairMaster
Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it
Woke up shortly thereafter, hungover
No underwear, grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it
Air Maxes in my closet, preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich
And the cross stitching is a cross mixing
Of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin
Fin, cotton Dockers, OshKoshes, drop crotches
Swatch watches and sneakers match with the parkas
But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym
With all these trainers, but I don't have any boxers
And I'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted
Like paper you write raps on, obnoxious
Yo, why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils?
Fuck that, I'll battle 'em all, I'll battle a mall
I’ll stand there and yell that at a wall
Until the mannequin dolls scatter and the inanimate objects
That I'm battering all shatter and fall
Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped
I'm a spark plug, I'm like the car with the cables hooked up to my fucking back, I'm a Duracell
But I sure as hell got it backwards cause y'all get jumped
And I'll catch the battery charge, but
I got a hunch like your back when it's arching
When I start attacking your squadron
You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging
So take a swipe at me, I'm coming straight at you
Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers
So get the sack like Wisconsin
That's nutbag that I'm talking, who am I kidding?
You faggots are all gonna do my bidding
Don't get dragged to the auction
Neiman Marcus, bags of Vuitton and all
I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic, just watch this
Stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass
See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave
In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping
Affable guy next door laughable
My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms
That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor
No emotion hence I guess this a prick dies hard
I got a Magic Johnson
It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me
If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out
Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me
I laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me
Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around
And all I see is Paulie Malignaggi, Slaughterhouse in a blouse
And Madonna with mud on her, God dammit I am a misogynist
I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony
Just so happens she's fond of algae
Cause now she's faceplants on the concrete
Complete lack of responsibility
Half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit
Shit, you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop
But I let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy
Klepto, I'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now
Five-finger discount
Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit, it's easy
Kidnapping your mom cause I'm still in this bitch, thievery
Ransom for JonBenét Ramsey, Chandra Levy, and Gary Condit
("Em") Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde
I might relapse, get on some bullshit
Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson
Macklemore, Mac Miller and Asher Roth
And have some back and forths
And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's "Control" verse
And perform "Fack" in concert
["Fack" plays]
Yo, I put that shit on a greatest hits album
Now that was awesome
It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that
Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like
(I'll stick around)
And put up with my crap so long for
What's the attraction, mama?
Is it the fact that I'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre
Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama?
Who knows at this point, it's always poking so na-ah
Still get along with this voice cause that's the "Monster"
So do-see-do with the (na-ah) sociopath, everyone who knows me knows that
What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio, (na-ah)
She loves the way I lie
Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow
Pathological liar, oh, why am I such an asshole
That my disguise is pants, but they on fire
So am I-a, (Wu) Cappadonna, cut the track off (fart sound)
Sabotage Christmas, crap in your stocking
I'm wrapping up all the presents
In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em
Jack Santa Claus, snap Rudolph's antlers off
Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him
Blowing a head gasket at Bed, Bath and Beyond
Put the basket back all the bath salt packets are gone, I
Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier
But classic rock acid rap is the genre
Got Slash on guitar, splash of Bizarre, Thrasher, and Aerosmith
And I'm a spectacular archer, feed Count Dracula, Chocula
Godzilla, half dragon and Bob Dylan
Bandwagoners, I'm kicking the damn stragglers off and I'm strangling 'em
Smack Kim Basinger on her ass in the sauna
(My name is Marshall
I'm repping that motherfucking Motor City, bitch)
I just turned Slaughterhouse to a quintet
Began to trend-set, murdered the friend's pet
Made shit as ill as it can get went in depth
Like a fucking vignette and two bars skins wet
I'm already covered in sweat
I wasn't even ready to come in yet
AHH, let me set this drink down
Beat up a gal, start beef with a pal
Probably be wild 'til I'm wrinkled and senile
And "Rap God" was a freestyle
Off the top of the dome piece while I was sleep on the couch
And I'm freestyling now
I need a towel, sweat leaks from my brow
It's burning my eyes, my cerebral is foul
Cause shit I'm thinking about should be illegal
I need my head banned like the guy who left Cleveland Ohi-
And went to South Beach with his talents
Scream "fuck you" on the way out and wink with a smile
This whole game can eat a dick, I'm going back deep underground
But right now I'm back on that bullshit and you I'm singling out
Cause you're so fucking outdated you should mingle a while
What the fuck is this clusterfuck of busters
Bunch of Buster Douglas', motherfuckers is one hit wonders
One swing and you're crowned
Knocked one out the park, one catchy jingling now
You think you fucking with me cause you sold like 300 thou
Bitch, I can jump without my feet ever leaving the ground
Reach up, swing from a cloud with 3 thousand people around
Evil and vile enough to leap in the crowd
And heave a child in a sink hole on Cinco De Mayo
When I'm sprinkled in pico de gallo
Mardi Gras beads in a towel
I just made that up
I don't know much Spanish, I'm not bilingual
But I'll show you a Mexican stand off
Between just these two amigos
Cause neither really wants to say what we're thinking outloud
But I sure as fuck think I know how rebody English, no doubt
Cause we're trying to kill each other, but lyrically
The fuck is humility? What is a real emcee?
Royce, he came up in the shit with me
Never spit that hustling shit, it wasn't a fit for me
Let them adjust 'til they just get the gist of me
Just not giving a fuck and plus with the history
And muscular distrophy, it wasn't a mystery
Why this middle finger was stuck in this upper-positioning
So what in the fuck is a list to me?
I'm used to not being on it, I expect it out 'em
Heck, man, I get my respect without 'em
And really been into diamonds since I put my first record out
But I could put a chain around my second album
And wear it as a neck medallion
Became a millionaire, went downhill from there
Became civil, office swivel chair, sterling silverware
Screaming life is still unfair til I get a real career
The fuck am I gonna do until then? This job is too fulfilling
Two gazillion pairs of super villain shoes to fill in
And a mood to kill till I plow my Coupe de Ville
To some children at the food pavilion and Build-A-Bear
Warrior's mind, I’m pro-hydrocodone euphoria
In the drug emporium line, I'm soaring
I'm pouring Vicodin four at the time ignoring the warning signs
Full on untill I go four wheeler driving
Gory and violent and horrifying
You surely won't find a more important
With this glorious rhyme with
But I finger her like a witness, show me a line-up
I usually am abusive, but excuse me, m'am
I guess I must've threw you for a loop like toucan Sam
When I said I could use the sample cause you'se a tramp
But look how you react to this trigger like
When I call you a bigger dyke than the Hoover Dam
You playing right in Lex Luthor's hands
It's such a ruthless plan, might even lose a fan
But fuck it, Superman wouldn't change in a phone booth for Stan
I'm a brand new being like Grand Puba's band
Happy as Anderson Cooper having a tuba crammed
In his pooper with lubricant...wait, that's too, I can't...
Since honesty is the best policy I'll give you the old college try
Try to acknowledge my mistakes, probably won't qualify
As a gentleman and a scholar, but it's time that I swallow pride
To say that I'm sorry, sorry that I can't apologize
I think of all the times I compromised my bottom lines
And thought of rhymes that sodomized your daughters minds
Then I'm like dollar signs
But I may fight for gay rights especially if they dyke
It's more of a knockout than Janay Rice
Play nice, bitch, I punch Lana Del Rey right
In the face twice like Ray Rice in broad daylight
And in plain sight of the elevator surveillance
Til her head is banged on the railing
Then celebrate with the Ravens
Never dated an assailant that self-medicates with inhalants
I meditate, but I may need a better way to escape
The aggression, rage and the anger
Cause them restraints on the ankles
Heavyweights and an anchir with handcuffs in chains
This ain't enough to contain it
But I still get the same respect as Jay if I came on
Stage in a fucking negligee everyday and Liz Claiborne
Devastated from breakup with Kate Hudson
Wait, slut your friends, what are they gonna say
Cause makeup ain't gonna cover
That eye that's seven/eights of the way shut
Peppersprayed with your face cut
Made my bank like a lay up
Of these effing skanks on the way up
Oh, bitch thinks she's heaven sent
It's evident that she ain't never been with seven inches
Yes, I said seven, I measured it
Seven inches from the floor
While I'm standing on the fourth floor balcony
Get to sharing when I'm stretching it
Bitch, I'm a pimp so a limp dick is all you'll ever get
So if she's hesitant to get the hint
I'll bet you that I get the message sent who she's messing with
Eloquent when I tell a chick not to never use sex as a weapon
When I step in and beat the wretched wench with a crescent wrench
Existential detriments to a lesbian devil
In the a presence stench of an estrogen level
That separatists like a Chechnian rebel
Impressionist with a pencil
A pessimist, with his lips pressed against
The edge of this Red Bull
Pedal to the metal I'm rippin' this shit cause right away I'll give it to a bitch like a pedestrian, deadly as ever
You see what kind of effects she has on the opposite sex when I push her flexible little sexy ass through a plate of plexiglass
SHADYXV as perplexing as
The last fifteen years when I predicted my next relapse
When I spit these lyrics so don't look at me weird
When I start shifting gears and shit besmears all over Britney Spears
And these little Disney queers
Who use chicks for beards?
Just made that up too...
Oh in the Shady 2.0
We wrote in roman numerals like they do for the Super Bowls
Cause it's supposed to confuse you hoes
The flows lose you as usual, so juvenile
2 year old when I go to the studio
It's only music but don't be foolish though
You don't know me through it ho but you can blow me to it though
In my homie's Buick
Been known to lose it though so if I overdo it you drove me to it
When I step in the vocal booth like I'm supposed to do
And I murder you on a fuckin' track like Tony Stewart
In one take, if I fuck up I don't redo it
You couldn't sound grown on a beat if you were moaning to it
The day I don't say fuck you all, you can throw me through it
Rootin' this, tootin' this, shootin' this from the hip
With the synonyms, Eminem isn't penning them for the women
I'm an enemy to them and the epitome of an inconsiderate idiot
But they consider me equivalent to chlamydia
They tryna get rid of me gadzooks
But I stiggity stand for the figgity flag
Of the United States and the freedom, I distribute these raps through
And if I catch you doing anything
Hindering or prohibiting that after I give me that
Tattoo of your lips on my ass I'mma be literally
Pickin' up and deliberately whippin' the Statue of Liberty at you WOOOOH!
Woo! 
Shady, Aftermath 
There she goes shaking that ass on the floor 
Bumpin and grindin' that pole 
The way she's grindin that pole 
I think I'm losing control 

Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunked, get fucked up 
Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed 
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted 
Pasted, blasted, puke drink up, get a new drink 
Hit the bathroom sink, throw up 
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine goin' 
Still got a few chunks on them shoestring showin' 
I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated 
I was revibed as soon as this bitch gyrated 
Them hips and licked them lips and that was it 
I had to get Nate Dogg here to sing some shit 

Two to the one from the one to the three 
I like good pussy and I like good trees 
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe 
And I get more ass than a toilet seat 
Three to the one from the one to the three 
I met a bad bitch last night in the D 
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me 
Conversation and Hennessey 
I've been to the muthafuckin mountain top 
Heard muthafuckers talk, seen 'em dropped 
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock 
And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock 
Getcha ass off the wall with your two left feet 
It's real easy just follow the beat 
Don't let that fine girl pass you by 
Look real close cause strobe lights blind 

We bout to have a party (turn the music up) 
Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt) 
I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
Wanna get it poppin baby step right up 
Some girls they act retarded 
Some girls are bout it bout it 
I'm lookin for a girl that will do whatever the fuck 
I say everday she be givin it up 
Now, 

Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
Ohh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 

I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygentist 
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes 
Take a little bit of this fluoride fillin' 
Swish but don't spit it, swallow and I'll finish 
Yeah me and Nate d-o double g 
Looking for a couple bi-tches with some double d's 
Pop a little champagne and a couple E's 
Slip it in her bubbuly, we finna finna have a party 

Have a party (turn the music up) 
Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt) 
I'm lookin for a girl I can fuck in my hummer truck 
Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol SLUT 
Some girls they act retarded 
Some girls are bout it bout it 
I want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on 
Knows that she can but she won't say no 
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be 
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine? 
I heard you was freaky from a friend of mine

Now I hope you don't get mad at me 
But I told Nate you was a freak 
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind 
I told him how you like it from behind 

Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
Cmon girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
Ohh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
Come on girl, shake that as for me, shake that ass for me 

We bout' to have a party (turn the music up) 
Let's get it started (go ahead shake your butt) 
I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
Wanna get it poppin baby step right up 
Some girls they act retarded 
Some girls are bout it bout it 
I'm lookin for a girl that will do whatever the fuck 
I say everday she be givin it up 

There she goes, shaking that ass on the floor 
Bumpin and grindin that pole 
The way she's grindin that pole 
I think I'm losing control 

God! 
(Eminem makes noises) 

I ain't leavin' without you bitch 

You're Coming Home With Me 

And my boy, and his boy, and his boy, and his girl 

Haha, Nate Dog!
[Intro]
She loves me, she loves my knot
Not for who I am, but what I got, yeah
And I don't wanna blow up her spot
But da-na-na, na-na, da-naa (Woo)

[Verse 1]
Lady, I been watchin' you from the back every time that you walk past
Hate to put you on blast but you got a bomb ass (Yeah)
Been checkin' you out ever since the second you
Stepped in through Naunie's dressing room, girl, you're stunning, I'd bet that you'd
Zap me if I was next to you, sparks'll fly, I expect 'em to
I'd be shocked if they didn't, 'cause you're Carmen Electra-cute (Cutie)
And those ain't just sound effects
I knew something was special soon as we swapped info, I knew that

[Chorus]
She loves me, she loves me not
For who I am, but what I got
But she loves me, she loves me not (Aha)
She loves me (One more time)
I said, 'cause she loves me (She loves me), she loves me not
For who I am (She loves me), but what I got
But she loves me, she loves me not
She loves me
Primis Player Placeholder
[Verse 2]
Sorry I missed your call again, I be in the studio usually
But tomorrow afternoon for me'd work beautifully
If your schedule's open, you say, "That's cool with me
But you stood me up twice, Slim, you're 0-for-2 with me"
'Cause like a basket, you've been going through hoops for me
Well, if the ball's in my court, why don't we shoot for three?
Yeah, I'll pick you up and we'll cruise through the D
And as soon as we hung up, I'm like, "Woo"

[Chorus]
'Cause she loves me (She loves me), she loves me not
For who I am (She loves me), but what I got
But she loves me, she loves me not (Aha)
She loves me (Ayo, lemme do this bridge right quick)

[Bridge]
She pulls me close and whispers to me, oh-oh
Lies in my ear, but that's all I wanna hear
That's okay, long as we both know this is all it is, woah
She can have my love for as long as we both are here

[Verse 3]
We're back in my spot now (Yeah), the music is loud, so (What?)
I turn the boombox down (Shh), we cut off our cell phones
You're killin' me soft now, wanna hit it like Balboa
'Cause girl, you're a knockout, your body is out cold (Out cold)
(Woo) I put the moves on you like a U-Haul
Bend you over the foosball table, your shoes fall
To the floor, but canoodlin', I'm not in the mood for
Gotta get me out of these drawers if you wanna (want a) spoon, doll (Yeah)
But before we get to droppin' these drawers, there's options to explore
We can fuck in the closet (Yeah) or on my elevator (Uh)
And maybe when it stops and the door opens
We fall out and we just get off on this floor (Haha)
You say you're falling for me, but not 'cause I'm famous
Then explain to me who that tattoo that's on your leg's of
Girl, your game is an A-plus, but you think I don't notice
Who the screensaver on your damn phone is
It ain't 'cause who I am, bullshit, I like you
Just don't take me for no stupid ass, no disrespect
'Cause even though you're like my truest fan, know it's
Clear you only love me 'cause I'm Superman, Lois, but fuck it
[Chorus]
'Cause she loves me (She loves me), she loves me not
For who I am (She loves me), but what I got
But she loves me, she loves me not
She loves me (Yeah, one more time)
I said, 'cause she loves me (She loves me), she loves me not
For who I am (She loves me), but what I got
But she loves me, she loves me not (Haha)
She loves me

[Outro]
She loves my knot, haha
I'm just playin', I ain't got no foosball table
[Eminem]
Slim Shady
Asshole

[Royce Da 5'9"]
Any nigga wit guns, we got guns too
More heated, ready to outgun you
It's too late I already outgunned you
You was around, you know the outcome too
Let's play, lemme show you what Game is
Heartbreak, I'm showin' you what pain is
Please, I'm reppin' a 'd' homeboy
Where your guns, you steppin' to me homeboy
Royce five-nine's the name, niggaz know
And niggaz know, dealin' wit me niggaz know
Ayyo toots, how you get here, you wanna ride
I got a five in Southside, you wanna drive
Beside, I ain't got no five, you gold-digger
You wanna suga-daddy, go get you an old nigga
I got money, I'm just here to bug you girl
Can't get none, but you know I love you girl
yo

[Chorus:]

(Royce Da 5'9")
She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh
Same one that ain't really got shit, huh
She want her hair done, then get her nails done
Go to Fifth Ave, just to shop for Shanell, huh
(Eminem)
She the one that ain't really got shit, huh
The little bitch that really aint got tits, huh
Fuckin slut with a chest enhanced,
Wouldn't dance if you aint pay for her breasts implants

[Eminem]
Anybody wit knives, we got knives too
More sharp, and ready to outslice you
About 5 dudes, waitin outside for you
And what's inside is coming outside you
Get me drunk, and I'll drink anything you can think
Wattup Miss. Bitch
(Yo what's up with the ring, you married?)
Shit, I'm still mingling, bitch
I just wanted to scream, this is the only finger that's it
Wattup with you, you married?
(Naww, I'm divorced)
Of course you are, you little fuckin trailer park whore
(Trailer? I don't live in no trailer. I live in a mobilization unit, for your information)
Bitch, I got a dick, wanna fuck?
Hold still, so i don't use birth control pills slut
Fuck, pump so much cum in your stomach that when I pull out
A years and a half old body, deranged baby fall out
And I ain't stayin to pay no child support
Are you playin? Be a man- bitch what you sayin?
You tryin to pull some bullshit, while I got one arm free
You want me to make this half-nelson a full?


[Chorus:]

(Royce Da 5'9")
She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh
Same one that ain't really got shit, huh
She want her hair done, then get her nails done
Go to Fifth Ave, just to shop for Shanell, huh
(Eminem)
She the one that ain't really got shit, huh
The little bitch that really aint got tits, huh
Fuckin slut with a chest enhanced,
Wouldn't dance if you aint pay for her breasts implants

[Royce Da 5'9"]
Wattup boo, this is for you and your girlfriend
You bank-head, up in Detroit we Earl Flynt
Assholes get guns and flashed those
Never ever go to Detroit, we blast those

[Eminem]
Hi, my name is...

[Royce Da 5'9"]
Royce
I'm the king
Gimme money, gimme jewels, everything
Ayyo, you with the long hair, is it yours?
I guess so, got a reciept- paid for
Got anymore lipstick? I'm sick of red
Get a perm, you nappy head, you chicken head
I know you ghetto, I ain't trying to take the ghetto out
Things about you to tell about, mellow out
I'm the one that be makin the clubs say "What"
Gettin love, and making the club say "What"
Some of you cats, hate on the low and got sick
Any sauce that got hits, not this
yo


[Chorus:]

(Royce Da 5'9")
She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh
Same one that ain't really got shit, huh
She want her hair done, then get her nails done
Go to Fifth Ave, just to shop for Shanell, huh
(Eminem)
She the one that ain't really got shit, huh
The little bitch that really aint got tits, huh
Fuckin slut with a chest enhanced,
Wouldn't dance if you aint pay for her breasts implants
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walkin' around with his headphones blarin'
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care, he's
A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out (Bitch!)
'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are wacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stockin' cap
His stepfather hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely ‘cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate (Huh-uh)
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen?
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter, but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense B
It's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl?
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! (Bitch!)

(Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well, can it load a gun up for you and cock it too?
Well, if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued
See, what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they wanna get one ‘cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves
We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin' our sales
You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self
We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
It's fucked up, ain't it? How we can come from practically nothin'
To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine 
Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives
So they sit and they cry at night, wishin' they'd die
'Til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes
That's why we seize the moment, try to freeze it and own it
Squeeze it and hold it ‘cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, so we can

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away

Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!)
Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!)
Sing it with me, it's just for today
Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away
Yeah..
Ha ha..you feel that baby?
Yeah, I feel it too.
Damn.
You know..I'm so glad we could spend this time together
See, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I?
Heh..

I'm the American dream! I'm the definition of white trash balling,
I'm right back on 'em, with the [scratches] I can't call it
Same shit, different toilet, oh you got a nice ass darlin'!
Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin', you take me for a friend?
Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again!
Now, it all started with my father
I must have got my pimping genes from him, the way he left my mama
I'm a rolling stone just like him, word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage with me, baby I'll make a promise
There ain't nobody as bomb as me
I'm as calm as The breeze, I'm the bees knees, his legs and his arms I'm a
S-superstar, girl, I'm ready for you mama!
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pyjamas?

[Chorus x2:]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuevo, first I kiss your navel
Work my way down, baby you can lay down on the table
But you may wanna find something more stable
I told you I ain't fooling from the gate, this ain't the first day of April!
But thank you for staying April, I'ma make you learn
To appreciate me, differentiate me
From these phoney, little fishy and sissy fake G's
Skip over the huggy-bear and all the kissyface, please
Initiate phase three! Missy now service me
Take another shot of Jager, shake it so nervously
Take your time baby, ooh you're the bomb baby!
Ooh you're doing that even better than your mom lady!
I told you I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did you?
Relax woman, you know that I'm only kidding with you
Got a twisted sense of humour, it's warped, but I didn't hit you
I think you're finally starting to get the picture, I'm...

[Chorus x2:]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

[Bridge]
Call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
Call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go..
'cause I'm on to the next girl,
And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh!

I got you caught up in the rapture
Make you recapture the feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped you
You never wanted someone so bad you're sweating
But if I'm what you wanted, why'd you panic when I grabbed you?
Girl don't be so frantic I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feeling of something that's organic
You can't ignore it, so don't just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin'
Damn shorty, I told you this was bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on a napkin I was bound to work a number on your back and
Throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blinded you couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a lineup
so stop at a store, pick a pint up
Let's get the pineapple schnapps going, no one'll knock 'cause I'ma hang a sign up
Saying "Don't Disturb", shorty I'm so superb
I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words?

[Chorus x2:]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

[Bridge]
Call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
Call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, so!
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening I gotta go..
'cause I'm on to the next girl,
And the next girl I kinda like, oh, oh, oh!

[Chorus x2:]
So bad
So good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

Ha ha..
Dr. Dre
2010!
Light years ahead of you..ha ha..
Who!
[Intro]

I own a mansion, but live in a house
A king-size bed, but I sleep on the couch
I'm Mr.Brightside, glass is half full
But my tank is half empty, gasket just blew

[Verse 1]

This always happens, 30 minutes from home
Gotta lay a long cable and only option I have is McDonald's bathroom
In a public stall dropping a football
So every time someone walks in the john like at Madden
''Shady, what up?''- What? Come on, man, I'm crapping
And you're asking me for my got damn autograph on a napkin?
Oh, that's odd, I just happened to run out of tissue
Yeah, hand me that, on second thought I'd be glad then
''Thanks, dawg, name's Todd, a big fan''
I wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and
Told him ''Todd, you're the shit'' when does all of this crap end?
Can't park my [?] without causing an accident
Puff my gas, cut my grass, can't take out the fucking trash
Without someone passing through my sub harassing
I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math
I'd rather wallow then bass suffering from succotash
But the antacid is my stomach gas
I mix my corn with my fucking mash
Potato, so what, ho, kiss my country bucking ass
Missouri Southern roots, what the fuck is upperclass
Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper
Tupperware in a covered plastic wear up the ass
Stuck in the past, iPod, what the fuck is that?
B-boy to the core, mule, I'm a stubborn ass

[Hook]

Maybe that's why I feel so strange
Got it all, but I still won't change
Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit
It's the motivation that keeps me going
This is the inspiration I need
I can never turn my back on a city that made me
(Life's been good to me so far)

[Verse 2]

They call me classless, I heard that, I second and third that
Don't know what the fuck I would doing if it weren't rap
Probably be a giant turd-sack
But I blew, never turned back
Turned 40 and still sag
Teenagers act more fucking mature, Jack
Fuck you gonna say to me?
I leave on my own terms, asshole, I'm going berzerk
My nerves are bad, but I love the perks my work has
I get to meet famous people, look at her, dag
Her nylons ran, her skirt snag
And I heard she drag-races, *burp* swag
Fucking my Hanes shirt tag
You're Danica Patrick (yeah) work, skag
We'd be the perfect match
Cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag
My apologies, no disrespect to technology
But what the heck is all of these buttons?
You expect me to sit here and learn that?
Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda?
Be an expert at computers?
I'd rather be an encyclopedia Britannica, hell with a Playstation
I'm still on my first manual from Zelda
Nintendo, bitch, run, jump, punch, stab and I melt the
Mozzarella on my spaghetti, put in on bread
Make a sandwich with welch's and belch
They say this spray butter is bad for my health, but
I think there's more white trash from the trailer
[?] welfare mentality helps to
Keep me grounded, that's why I never take full advantage of wealth, I
Managed to dwell within these parameters
Still cramming the shelves full of hamburger helper
I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt to
Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter
With all these pet peeves
God dammit to hell, I can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones
I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I can yell the
Other day someone got little elaborate and stuck a fucking dead cat in my mailbox
Went to Burger King, they spit on my onion rings
I think my karma is catching up with me

[Hook]

[Bridge]

Got friends on facebook, all over the world
Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good
So I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque
I'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked

[Verse 3]

I'm trying to be lowkey, hopefully nobody notices me
In produce hunched over, giant nosebleed
Over stop as I mosey over to the frozen aisle
By the frozen yogurt this guy approached me
Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova
Show's over, I'm hiding in Kroeger buying groceries

He just had front row seats, told me to sign this poster
Then insults me ''wow, up close didn't know you had crow's feet''
I'm at a crossroad lost till shopping at Costco
Sloppy Joe's, buck waffles
Got caught picking my nose, ah
Look over see these two hot hoes
Finger still up in one of my nostrils
Right next to 'em stuck at the light
This fucking shit is taking forever to change
I'm stuck, these bitches are loving it rubbing it in
Chuckling, couldn't do nothing, play it off
''What you bumping? Trunk Muzik? Yelawolf's better'', fucking bitch
They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it
The pressure, they want me to follow up with another one after Recovery
Was so highly coveted, but what good is a fucking recovery if I fumble it?
Cause I'mma drop the ball if I don't get to quit
Hopping on shrubbery on you sons of bitches
Wrong subdivison to fuck with, bitch
Quit snapping fucking pictures of my kids
I love my [?], but you push me to my limit, what a pity
The shit I complain about
It's like there ain't a butt in the sky and it's raining out
Kool Aid stain on the couch, I'd never get it out
Bitch, I got an elevator in my house
[?] Ants and a mouse I'm living the dream

[Hook]
[Verse 1]

You fucking gr...
Pick up the goddamn phone...
Bitch where the fuck were you Tuesday?
With who you say?
I wasn't at the studio
Bitch what'cha you do screw Dre?
You went there looking for me
Boo that excuse is too lame
Keep playing me you gonna end up with a huge goose egg
You fake, lying slut you never told me you knew Drake
and Lupe? You wanna lose two legs
You tryin' to flip this on me?
If i spent more time with you, you say
“Ok yeah, I’m coo-coo, ay?” Well, screw you
And I’ll be the third person who screwed you today
Oh, fourth? Dre, Drake, Lupe? Oh touche
Well you're too two-faced for me
Thought you was my number one
True BlueAce but you ain't
And I can't see you and you make
That wittle boo-boo face
Cause I'm hanging up this phone, boo
You make my fucking Bluetooth ache
You feeling blue too late
Go smurf yourself you make me wanna smurf puke blue Kool Aid
Here's what you say to someone you hate

[Hook]

My life would be so much better if you just dropped dead (dead)
I was laying in bed last night thinking
And this thought just popped in my head and I thought
Wouldn't shit just be a lot easier if you dropped dead (dead)
I would feel so (so) much (much) better x3

[Verse 2]

Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink
Hop on the freeway trying to get some time alone and just think
Till the cops pulled me over but they let me go
Cause I told ‘em I’m only driving drunk cause that bitch drove me to drink
I'm back on my fuck hoe's
With a whole new hatred for blondes, but bias?
I hate all bitches the same, baby come on
Excuse the pun but bitch you're such a broad statement
And I am channeling my anger through every single station that's on
Cause a woman broke my he-art
I say he-art cause she ripped it in two pa-arts
And threw it in the garbage, who do you think you are bitch?
Guess it's time for me to get the dust off
And pick myself up off the carpet
But I'll never say the L-word again
I la-la-la-la lesbian *shout*
I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest
My life would be so much better if you just

[Hook]

[Bridge]

Cuz you told me, you love me, forever
Bitch, that was a lie
Now I never, wanted someone, to die
So bad in my fucking life but fuck it there’s other fish in the sea

[Verse 3]

And I'mma have a whale of a time
Being a single sailor for the night
Bitch on a scale of 1 to 10, shit
I must be the holy grail of catches
Hoe, I got an Oscar attached to my fucking name (dayla)
I might hit the club, find a chick that's tailor made for me
Say fuck it kick some shots back, get hammered and nail her
These bitches tryin get attached but there failing
To latch onto the tail of my bumper to scratchin' at the back of my trailer
Like I'm itchin' to get hitched
Yeah I'm rich as a bitch but bitches ain't shit
I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch
Bitch you complain when you listen to this
But you still throw yourself at me
That's what I call pitchin' a bitch
That's why I'm swinging at this chicks on-site
Long as I got a bat and two balls it's foul
But my dick's on strike so all that love shit is null and void
Bitch I'm a droid, I avoid cupid stupid wasn't for blow jobs you'd be unemployed
Oi oi oi, man oh man, your boy boy boys
Getting sick of these girls girls girls
Oink oink oink you fucking pigs
All you're good for is doink doink doink
I got 99 problems and the bitch ain't one
She's all 99 of them I need a machine gun
I'll take em all out I hope you hear this song
And go into a cardiac arrest, have a heart attack
And just drop dead and I'mma throw a fucking party after this cause,yes...

[Hook]

[Outro]

I'm just playing bitch, you know I love you
Roger : Skylar Montgomery? 

Montgomery : What do you want from me Roger?

Roger : I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica!

Montgomery : Wait a minute, you hold it right there. Me and that woman 
love each other.

Roger : Love? What do you know of love?

Montgomery : We were destined to be together. I met her on the beach...!

Roger :Are you out to destroy me?

Montgomery : No Roger. That's not what I want to do,
I love her! And were going to be together.

Roger : Never!
I'm a soldier, i'm a soldier, i'm a soldier, i'm a soldier...

Yo', never was a thug, just infatuated with guns, never was a gangsta, 'til I graduated to one,
and got the rep of a villain, for weapon concealin', took the image of a thug, kept shit
appealin', willin' to stick out my neck, for respect if it meant life or death, never live to
regret what I said, when you're me, people just want to see, if it's true, if it's you, what you
say in your rap's, what you do, so they feel, as part of your obligation to fulfill, when they
see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real, in confrontation ain't no conversation,
if you feel you're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed, if you feel it, kill it, if
you conceal it, reveal it, being reasonable will leave you full of bullets, pull it, squeeze it,
till it's empty, tempt me, push me, pussies, I need a good reason to give this trigger a good
squeeze...

[CHORUS]

I'm a soldier, these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge, i'll never fall or fold up,
i'm a soldier, even if my collar bone's crush or crumble, I will never slip or stumble, i'm a
soldier, these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge, i'll never fall or fold up, i'm a
soldier, even if my collar bone's crush or crumble, I will never stumble...

I love pissin' you off, it get's me off, like my lawyer's, when the fuckin' judge let's me off,
all you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off, i'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bet's be
off, i'm a lit fuse, anything I do brings in news, pistol whippin' motherfuckin' bouncers,
six-two, who needs bullets, soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets, an excellent method to get rid
of the next bully, it's actually better cause instead you murderin', you can hurt em' and come
back again and kick dirt at 'em, it's like pourin' salt in the wounds, assault and get sued, you
can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room, everybody halts and stops, calls the cops,
all you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops, runnin' and duckin' out the Hot Rocks
parking lot, you'll all get shot whether its your fault or not, cause...

[CHORUS]

I spit it slow so these kids know that i'm talkin' to 'em, give it back to these damn critics
and sock it to em, i'm like a thug, with a little bit of Pac influence, I spew it, and look how
I got you bitches rockin' to it, you motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it, don't
even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it, don't ever in your life, try to knock the
truest, I spit the illest shit, ever been dropped to two inch, so ticky-tock listen as the sound
ticks on the clock, listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on a cock, listen to the sound of me
spillin' my heart through this pen, motherfuckers know that i'll never be Marshall again, full
of controversy until I retire my jersey, 'til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty, and
Lord have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me, and put a curse on authorities in
the face of adversity, i'm a...

[CHORUS]

Yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left, yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left, yo' left,
yo' left, yo' left, right, left, yo' left, yo' left, yo' left, right, left...
Daddy?
Huh?
Food here
Get Bryan and we'll see who gets it
Come eat
Alaina, I'm so tired
Just come eat
Alaina, I'll be there in a minute, I promise
Stop
But wake up
Shut the door

Somebody save me
Me from myself
I've spent so long livin' in hell

Another pill as I start to spiral
Message to my daughters
I don't even deserve the father title
Hailie, I'm so sorry
I know I wasn't there for your first guitar recital
Didn't walk you down the aisle
Missed the birth of your first child
Your first podcast, lookin' down, sweetie
I'm so proud of how you turned out
Sorry that I chose drugs and put 'em above you
Sorry that I didn't love you enough to
Give 'em up, how the fuck do
I not love you more than a pill?
Lookin' up to the ceilin' from this floor, wonder will

Somebody save me
Me from myself
I've spent so long (so long) livin' in hell
They say my lifestyle is bad for my health
It's the only thing that seems to help

Alaina, sorry that you had to hear me fall in the bathroom
Sorry that I missed your gradu-
Wait, Nate, I should just congratulate you
On being a dad to Carter and Liam, look at you
Little bro, sorry I left you
Sorry that I'll never get to
Hold or hug my little nephews
Stevie, I'm sorry, I missed you
Grow up and I didn't get to
Be the dad I wanted to be to you
Things I wanted to see you do
This is my song from me to you
Sorry I gave up, but I'm just so defeated
God, what the fuck do you want me to do?

Somebody save me
Me from myself
I've spent so long (so long) livin' in hell
They say my lifestyle is bad for my health
It's the only thing that seems to help
I've been starin' at the video of Hailie
Almost daily, of her playin' a guitar
In hopes maybe that'll give me the power to fight
But the addict in me's a coward, he told me that I can't do it
Had a second chance, blew it
It's like I'm stuck inside an alternate reality, but I know (what?)
I'll turn it around and be able to
Walk her and Lainie one day
To the altar as proud as can be
Right now, I'm just weak
As I fall further down in this deep hole
And farther in the ground that I sink
As they lower me in my coffin
I feel the tears all fallin' down on my cheek

I'm a lost cause (cause)
Baby, don't waste your time on me
I'm so damaged beyond repair
Life has shattered my hopes and my dreams

I'm a lost cause
Baby, don't waste your time on me
I'm so damaged beyond repair
Life has shattered my hopes and my dreams
We touch, I feel a rush, we clutch, it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorceress
'Cause you just did the impossible, gained my trust
Don't play games it'll be dangerous if you fuck me over
'Cause if I get burnt, I'ma show you what it's like to hurt
'Cause I've been treated like dirt before ya'
And love is 'evol', spell it backwards, I'll show ya

Nobody knows me, I'm cold, walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own, it's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever, so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these mo'fuckin' hoes
Bloodsucking succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department, but, I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks but it's exactly what I thought it would be like tryin' to start over
I've got a hole in my heart for some kind of emotional roller-coaster
Somethin' I won't go on, til' you toy with my emotions, so, it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold ya, 
I wasn't jokin' when I told you
You take my breath away, you're a supernova and I'm a

(Chorus)

I'm a space-bound rocketship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you
Two hundred fifty thousand miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you
Right at you

(Verse 2)

I'll do whatever it takes, when I'm with you I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't with you, I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one and then once we get 'em, it's never the same?
You want 'em when they don't want you, soon as they do, feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't lookin' when I stumbled onto you, must've been fate
But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take, let's cut to the chase
'Fore the door shuts in your face, promise me if I cave in and break
And leave myself open that I won't be makin' a mistake
'Cause I'm a

(Chorus)

I'm a space-bound rocketship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you
250, 000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you
Right at you

(Verse 3)

So after a year and 6 months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once
I'll pour my heart out to you, let down my guard, swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleadin', I'm tryin' to stop you from leavin'
You won't even listen, so fuck it, I'm tryin' to stop you from breathin'
I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you, squeezin'
Til' I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick, ain't a possible reason
I can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks, then I let you go and just give
And before I put that gun to my temple, I told you this

(Bridge)

And I would've did anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now, it's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me
Every time you look up in the sky and see a star
'Cuz I'm a

(Chorus)

I'm a space-bound rocketship and your heart's the moon
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you
250, 000 miles and a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you
Without you
[Eminem]
If there's any bitches in this room, then there's something I gotta say
For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way
I've been down that road and now I'm back, sittin' o­n square o­ne
Tryna pick myself up where I started from

[Obie Trice]
I never woulda thought that I'd see you outta control
Even though my penis was deep down in your hole
You should know between us we was like mates to soul
Nothing could intervene us, especially no hoes
You was more or so the chalant type, I chose
To more shows, haunted you nights I suppose
That's how it go, with time spent, emotion grows
In the beginning, friends we decided to roll
So who's responsible when you get excited, explode
And Obie's grinning, then you invite that Obie's cold
But bitches the gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate
We established this way before we became mates
So whats required is that you chill with all that fire
Get your desire when I retire

[Chorus]
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine
I never thought I'd find someone to be mine
Lord knows I was right cuz you just crossed the line
Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine

[Eminem]
I used to say I never met a girl like you before
Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are
Almost went as far as introducing you to my daughters
Till you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers
Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for
Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore
You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours
All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls
If you recall I used to treat you as a groupie broad
When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off
But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off
It was a shock, it struck me as odd but it turned me o­n
You started getting moody o­n me, pretty soon we'd argue
And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me
And who woulda even knew that who woulda even thought possibly
Cupid could shoot another o­ne of them God damn darts at me
It's true that I got shot in the heart
But when someone seems too good to be true, they usually are
But see, when you're in it it's too hard to see
Till you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach
Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat
Before you make a decision that's life altering
And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave
You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring

[Chorus]

[Stat Quo]
In most cases, Stat's attitude is fuck-a-bitch
My o­nly motive is to get head and fuck a bitch
But you was different, thought we shared a covenant
Even held your hand in public, we sufferin' because of this
Shorty o­n some whole 'notha other shit
Tryna play sick thinkin' i'mma trick off rick
I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit
Feed you the best of me, I shoulda fed you piss
We started off closer than close
But who coulda predicted to know, your triflin' ways woulda stopped our growth
And the final result, back in that same boat
I ask myself, do I love these hoes? NO!

[50 cent]
Em introduced us, "50 this is Tanya, Tanya this is 50"
Then slid off and left her to kick it with me
I complimented her, I said you have very nice lips
With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick
We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast
Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass
Downtown Manhattan o­n the balcony, stare at the skyline
Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind
She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist too
Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move?
Said she's an inspiring actress, she do videos for practice
Yeah, yeah, know how many times I done heard that shit?
Intro:]
People!! It feels so good to be back. 
Ladies and gentleman, introducing the new and improved you know who 

[Verse 1:]
Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push, 
No friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, your the Maltese. 
I am a pittbull off his leash,
All this peace talk can cease.
All these people I had to leave in limbo, 
I'm back now, 
I've come to release this info
I'll be brief and let me just keep shit simple. 
Can-a-bitch don't want no beef with Slim?
Noooo!
Not even on my radar, 
So won't you please jump off my dick
Lay off and stay off,
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos from seance to seance,
Aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw

[Chorus X2:]
Y'all C'mon now,
Let's all get on down,
Let's do-si-do now,
We gon' have a good ol' time.
Don't be scared, cus there ain't nuttin' to worry 'bout,
Let your hair down,
And square dance with me!

[Verse 2:]
Let your hair down to the track,
Yeah kick on back.
Boo!
The boogies monster of rap,
Yeah the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration,
Mush the Senate's face in and push this generation,
Of kids to stand and fight for the right to say something you might not like,
This white hot light,
That i'm under,
No wonder,
I look so sunburnt,
Oh no,
I won't leave no stone unturned,
Oh no i won't leave,
Wont go nowhere,
Do-si-do,
Oh, yo, ho, hello there
Oh yeah don't think I won't go there,
Go to the Beirut and do a show there
Yah you laugh till your muthafuckin' ass gets drafted,
While you're at band camp thinkin' the crap can't happen,
Till you fuck around,
Get an anthrax napkin,
Inside a package wrapped in saran Wrap wrapping,
Open the plastic and then you stand back gasping, 
Fuckin' assassins hijackin' Amtracks crashin,
All this terror America demands action,
Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'
To join the army or what you'll do for there Navy.
You just a baby,
Gettin' recruited at eighteen,
You're on a plane now,
Eatin their food and their baked beans.
I'm 28 ,
They gon take you 'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy?
When i say Hussien you say Shady,
My views aint changed still Inhumane,
Wait,
Arraigned two days late,
The date's today,
Hang me!

[Chorus X2:]

[Verse 3:]
Nothin' moves me more than a groove the soothes me,
Nothin'soothes me more than a groove
that boosts me,
Nothin' boosts me more,
Or suits me beautifully,
There's nothin' you can do to me,
Stab me,
Shoot me,
Physcotic,
Hypnotic, product I got the antibotic.
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God i talk alot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la,
oochie walla um da dah da dah da but you gotta gotta,
Keep movin',
There's more music to make,
Keep makin' new shit,
Produce hits to break
the monotony,
What's gotten into me?
Drug's, rock and Hennessey,
Thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies,
On your knees,
Got you under seige,
Somebody you would give a lung to be
hun-ga-ry,
Like a fuckin' younger me,
Fuck the fee,
I can get you jumped for free,
Yah buddy,
Laugh it's funny,
I have the money to have you killed by somebody who has nothing,
I'm past bluffing,
Pass the K-Y,
Let's get ready for some intense,
erious ass fucking!

[Chorus X2]

[Outro:]
Dr. Dre., wants to square with me,
Nasty Nas, wants to square dance with me,
X to the Z, wants to square dance with me,
Busta Rhymes, wants to square dance with me,
Cana-bitch won't square dance with me,
Fan-a-bitch, won't square dance with me,
Canada-bis, don't want no parts of me,
Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you-----YEE-HAW!!!
[Chorus: Dido] 

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I.. 
got out of bed at all 
The morning rain clouds up my window.. 
and I can't see at all 
And even if I could it'll all be gray, 
but your picture on my wall 
It reminds me, that it's not so bad, 
it's not so bad.. 

[Eminem as 'Stan'] 
Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin 
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom 
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em 
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin 
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em 
but anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter? 
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm bout to be a father 
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
I'ma name her Bonnie 
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry 
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him 
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan 
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam 
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man 
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat 
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back, 
just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan 
This is Stan 

[Chorus: Dido] 

[Eminem as 'Stan'] 
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance 
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans 
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert 
you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew 
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old 
We waited in the blistering cold for you, 
four hours and you just said, "No." 
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fuckin idol 
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do 
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein lied to 
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you 
you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way 
I never knew my father neither; 
he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her 
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs 
so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on 
cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed 
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest 
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds 
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me 
See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it 
My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7 
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does 
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin up 
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose 
Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S. 
We should be together too 

[Chorus: Dido] 

[Eminem as 'Stan'] 
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans, 
this'll be the last package I ever send your ass 
It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it? 
I know you got my last two letters; 
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect 
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it 
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway 
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night" 
about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning 
but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him? 
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning 
Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy 
and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call 
I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall 
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it 
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it 
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it 
I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me 
See Slim; [*screaming*] Shut up bitch! I'm tryin to talk! 
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk 
but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you 
cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too 
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now 
Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out? 
[*car tires squeal*] [*CRASH*] 
.. [*brief silence*] .. [*LOUD splash*] 

[Chorus: Dido] 

[Eminem] 
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy 
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? 
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that 
and here's an autograph for your brother, 
I wrote it on the Starter cap 
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you 
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you 
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? 
I say that shit just clownin dogg, 
c'mon - how fucked up is you? 
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counseling 
to help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some 
And what's this shit about us meant to be together? 
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other 
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other 
or maybe you just need to treat her better 
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time 
before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just fine 
if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan 
why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan 
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit 
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick 
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge 
and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid 
and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to 
Come to think about, his name was.. it was you 
Damn!
[Intro]
Follow me, come with me to the dark side of the force
no man would boldly go, to this place
the devil only knows, of this world
so dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold, oh so cold...

[Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya? Girl you think you're so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
(stay wide awake) a world so dark, a world so cold
a world where only some will go
(stay wide awake) but none return when will they learn
where do they go? God only knows
(stay wide awake)

[Verse 1]
Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter Central Park it's dark it's winter in December
I see my target put my car in park and approach a tender
young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her
sit down beside her like a spider hi they're girl you mighta'
heard of me before see whore you're the kinda' girl that I'd a-
ssault and rape and figure why not try to make your pussy wider
fuck you with an umberella then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild but I might flip and get a little bit wilder
impregnate a lesbian yeah now lets see her have triplets then I'll de-
sintegrate them babies as soon as they're out her with formalde-
hyde in cyanide girl, you can try and hide you can try to scream louder
no need for no gun powder that only takes all the fun outta
murderin' and I'd rather go vin-vin and now you see just how the
fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uh
shit wait a minute I mean skull, my knife seems dull pull another one out uh

[Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya? Girl you think you're so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
(stay wide awake) a world so dark, a world so cold
a world where only some will go
(stay wide awake) but none return when will they learn
where do they go? God only knows
(stay wide awake)

[Verse 2]
So dark and so cold my friends don't know this other side of me
there's a monster inside of me it's quite ugly and it frightens me
but they can't see what I can see there's a vacancy in my tummy
it's makin' me play hide and seek like Jason I'm so hungry
she's naked see no privacy but I can see she wants me
so patient see I try to be but gee why does she taunt me
pull the drapes and she goes right to sleep and I creep right through the front see
so blatantly but silently cause I know that she's sound 'sleep
who's wakin' me so violently and why's he on top of me
he's rapin' me she tries to scream somebody please get him off me
he's tapin' me he's bitin' me he's laughing like it's funny
she's scrapin' me, she's fightin' me she's scratching like some dumb freak
escaping me, no dice you see I might just be Ted Bundy
or Satan gee what a site to see I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy but its alright with me man life can be so empty
stay away from me cause I'm dancing to quite a different drum beat

[Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya? Girl you think you're so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
(stay wide awake) a world so dark, a world so cold
a world where only some will go
(stay wide awake) but none return when will they learn
where do they go? God only knows
(stay wide awake)

[Verse 3]
Better try ta stay wide awake or you might end up found dead by the lake
soon as you lay me down to sleep it's your soul I'ma try to take
pray for light of day right away why do they try to fight today?
I must make them pay twice as much might as well put the knife away
now I use power tools, how 'bout now are you in the shower
scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets
how did ya figure out I was down in your basement now ya
must have just heard the sound of my stomach growlin' from down there
prowler there's no one fouler, bound ya that's how they found ya
face down in the tub I drown ya with piles of downers around ya
such nostalgia and power such prowess look how ya cower
jump out on you now like I was a jawa from fuckin' Star Wars
Jabba The Hutt beddy bye-bye beddy bye-bye it's time to die-die
oughtta not even bother to scream it don't even matta'
amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
not yer everyday Damien bathe me in holy water
nothing like Son of Sam there's no gun in hand so please understand
where's the thrill in the hunt, there's no fun in that, here I come with axe
fun ta act like lumberjack when I'm hackin' 'em up with that
what was that? Dial 9-1-1 someone's comin' in from the back

[Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
even though they all say that they're real I know that most aren't
boy you think you're clever don't ya? Girl you think you're so smart
come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
(stay wide awake) a world so dark, a world so cold
a world where only some will go
(stay wide awake) but none return when will they learn
where do they go? God only knows
(stay wide awake)
Step right up
I'm about to light up the skyline so bright I'mma fuck your whole night up
Fuck ya glow sticks, and go stick a stick in ya ass
This is the ghost of christmas past
This is ya ho, she's supposed to kiss his ass
This is gross but listen close
If you don't you can go stick ya whole frickin' nose against his crack
'Till he lets one go and blows ya whiskers back
And get a great big 'ol whiff cuz if you last
Without passing out you'll be on the next episode of fear factor
Ya, I'm back to... back to what? I don't know, smack a little child actor's butt
Mike Jackson, what? What the fuck you want? I got a blunt
And some jesus juice, who needs an excuse these days
The way they rally around pedophiles your lucky I don't pee in your face
I can do anything and apologize for it later
As long as it ain't a racist tape from '88, than I'm straight-a
That cannot be forgave
If I drank pee for, eighteen years straight
And ate shit every day on a porcelain plate
That was shaped like a toilet with a fork and steak
Knife, for the rest of my life
And had to watch my ex-wife get fucked by vanilla ice
Twice a day, cuz I said N-I-G-G-A, when I was a teenager
Blaow, blaow Shade-a
Forty-five, shorty let me get your number baby
Maybe I can hump your leg or
Something, but it's time for me to go
So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle
Its like this, because of that boob right?!
[Intro]
Ayo
(This a song about)
My, my stepdad
(Let's see if this ever happened to you)
I, I hate
My, my stepdad

[Verse 1]
One thing that sticks in my craw
When I was six and I saw my stepfather hittin' my Ma
Socked her right in her eyeball
I'm startin' to think I'm psychotic
With all the pictures I draw of
Shit that I've already witnessed, it’s probably twisted my thoughts
All I can hear is drama with Mom and him
I can always hear 'em arguin' down the hallways
The walls are thin so the noise is startin' to feel like the norm
Our dog pissed on the carpet, he stomped it so hard
Doctors had to put it down
He killed my chihuahua, this motherfucker!

[Chorus]
I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)

[Verse 2]
Outside, I look like I'm calm
Inside, I'm a tickin' time bomb
'Cause of this motherfucker, who sticks his dick in my mom (My mom)
Last night, he said I left the kitchen light on
But he walked in there this morning and purposely flipped it, I saw him
Hickory switch to my bottom, I counted sixty-nine times
He swatted me with it, I'm cryin'
He just started hittin' me harder
God, I wish I could just jaw him
If I could get my weight up
But I'm just a second grader
This prick is bigger than I am
But I've been readin' at school about this shit called liquid cyanide
I'm fantasizin' at night when he's sleepin' at just the right time
Sneak up with a lethal injection
And put him down like they did to my dog
I'm talkin' euthanasia, like kids in Taiwan
This fuckin' shit's like Saigon (Saigon)
Neighbors called police on him
So many battery charges, this dude's like lithium ion
Then Mom and him let bygones (Bygones)
Just be bygones
So on eggshells, I walk and just try not to piss this guy off
But this is why I...

[Chorus]
I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)

[Verse 3]
So this year, I'm goin' into the fifth and I'm tall
I'm five foot six on my block, I'm the toughest kid but I got
Way bigger fish to fry
Which is why I'm tryin' to get this bitch to fly off
The handle and wait for the fist to fly to put this guy in a pine box
He's always lookin' for chaos but tonight I've cooked up a plan
So this Christmas, I got some color books and some crayons
I'm layin' on the floor, in the living room with some friends colorin'
He walks by, kicks my arm and goes, "Oops" and just laughs
I yelled for Mom (Mom) and as she's rushin' to my defense
I stood up and said, "Fuck you, punk" and I took off and ran
To my bedroom, as I fled
Knowin' shit would hit the fan
Slammed the door and hid behind it with an aluminum bat
He kicked it in
I swung it hard as I could at his head
His noodle went splat, he fell right at the foot of my bed
I'm a little bit scared but my anger's overtooken the fear
I threw down the bat and just started whoopin' his ass
Beat him with my bare hands, the big bad wolf ain't so bad
"Ding-dong," the pussy is dead, the bully finally gets his
Stomped him until he pissed enough to fill a two liter with
Then buried him next to my dog
And if I go to juvie for this, I'ma tell 'em

[Chorus]
I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)
'Cause I, I, hate
My, my stepdad (Stepdad)
So tonight I'm sayin', "Bye-bye stepdad" (Stepdad)
[Skit]
Get up
Dad, what?
What'd I fuckin' tell you about turnin' off the lights? (What, what? I didn't do it)
Don't fuckin' lie to me, I told you fuckin' don't touch, turn the fuckin' lights off (Stop, I didn't do it)
Don't you fuckin' lie, you little fucker (No, ah, ah)
Don't you fuckin' lie to me (Stop)
The other day this bitch came up to me 
Said her name was Stephanie 
She was there with her friends, Amber Katie and Tiffany 
They all had long blonde hair 
right down to their butts 
with their tits hanging out 
i could tell they were sluts 
they asked me "eminem, can we suck your dick?" 
when i said fuck no 
they said "fuck you prick!" 
you're the lil whore 
you mother fucking bitch 
wait hold on a second 
while my balls itch.......
[Verse 1]
Its 2002, everything was totally new
We were globally huge
Watching sales go through the roof
We wrote and we viewed it
Runyon Avenue soldiers included
A multitude of homies who would bounce for no good excuse
We were so bulletproof wrote, souped and soaked in our youth
Thought we was running shit till we lost the sole of our shoe
The death of Doody broke us in two
We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do
And at the time I was going through my own struggles too
So I wasn't in no condition to be coaching us through
Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew
I was hoping they do so I ain't have to shoulder the group
The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew
How to stand on they own and I don't want to open up wounds
I just noticed the oomf was gone when we go in the booth
Cause the truth is the moment that Proof died, so did the group

[Pre-Chorus]
If I could leave this world behind
I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
Turn to the river with you
Help me leave this all behind

[Chorus]
I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From that I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
May end up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones

[Verse 2]
It was never the same, and it's bothered me since
And the farther we drift apart the more awkward it gets
The more time goes by, the more life happens
And we gotta be men, we got responsibilities
Plus we don't say how we feel, and I feel like this is what got us in
The debacle we're in, been with you guys thick and thin
But it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends
Which reminded me Biz, Rockstar was the shit
Y'all could've got you a hit without me on the shit
If you've put D12 on it, wish I could've did
More than try talking you into coming up off of it
I know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is
I think of all of the trips to BET and the rappers
I wish that we would've politicked with
Maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features
But that's water under the bridge
But I'm washing my sins in it til my conscious is clear

[Pre-Chorus]
If I could leave this world behind
I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line
Turn to the river with you
Help me leave this all behind

[Chorus]
I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From that I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
May end up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones

[Verse 3]
Bacardi in hand
Never thought the party would end
One minute you're bodyin' shit but then your audience splits
You can already sense the climate is starting to shift
To these kids you no longer exist
Went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch
To tiny drops full of drips
And by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed
You start thinkin' of all the artists you gift
All the carnage you left
Is this the kinda karma you get?
For turning your fuckin' back on Bizzy, Kuniva and Swift
A Freudian slip
Subconsciously, I honestly wished
I ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment
But it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none of this
Wish I had words

[Bridge]
But I guess they're just [ownin'?] for this
Still, my point is I just can't say how sorry I am
This is not how I planned for our story to end
I love all of you, men
But I just can't be the guy
Everybody depends on for entire careers
'Cause that's not even fair
I will always be here
But that spark isn't there
And I don't know how to recapture that time and that air
I've tried hearkening back to
But I'm fighting for air
I'm barely charting myself
Feels like I'm under the sink

[Verse 3 - Continued]
But it was not my intent
To treat y'all like a stepping stone
Though I ain't left no one behind
But we been down every road
Done all we possibly can
I know we kept up our hopes up
But the longer we spend livin' this lie that we live
The less is left for closure, so let's let this go
It's not goodbye to our friendship, but D12 is over

[Chorus]
I'ma wash away my sins
I'ma rinse away this dirt
I forgot to make amends
To all the friends I may have hurt
I better stop and say my grace
From that I pray that I don't fall
'Cause on the way back down I may
May end up running back into them all
I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones
I never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones
I never meant to use you all for my stepping stones
[Eminem]
Yo, yo, I start it off, yo, yo
My name is Shady, his name is Proof
Yo, we used to have a roof upon my house
And now we had a mouse that ate the cheese out of the fridge
Didn't want to admit that I was on welfare when I was three
Plus when I was four, my mother used to leave
She used to always slam the door and say
"Goodbye, goodbye Marshall, I'm leaving
I'm single and right now I'm going to mingle at bingo
"Yeah, see you later alligator" is what she said
And I would always stay at house freezing til I'm dead
Cause it was cold inside that house we never had no heat
Yo Proof used to come walking up right up the street and be like
"Yo what up Em? How you doing?"
I used be like "Yeah man it's good to see you dawg
But my life's ruined cause my mom just left"
She left my brother Nate and I hate the fact
We never had no food on our plate
So then Proof said "What up Em?"
Yo, so I said "Proof won't you come in?"

[Proof]
Yeah, yeah, come in what’s up with dat
Tango and Cash
Came to mingle and blast
Together tougher than Alcatraz prison bars
Driving foreign cars
Yes it's me and my man compadre
Black and white, white and ivory and black ebony
They can't step to me
Rubbery and heavenly
They can't see us in the 313 vicinity
Aiyyo Em, ha, ha, ha, ha

[Eminem]
What up? Ha, ha, I'm coming like ha, ha
I'm ill like nah, nah
And y'all don't wanna see me because I'm ill with the skill
And I can grill and I always keep it real
When I built my garage back after it just got burnt down
Sorry that my parents weren't always around
But it was really hectic growing up
But now I'm blowing up so it don't matter
Every show I do I'm always showing up
To the club drunk as hell, drunk as fuck, drunk as what?
Can't say that on MTV
But remember it?, little, old, wimpy me
Who used to always dream be on MTV
Now you can't see me
I know you remember that rhyme
Ay, wait a minute, yo check it out, I'm about to flatline
Pass the mic back to Proof, cause we get loose
We drink gin and juice, sip it cause we always raise the roof

[Proof]
Aiyyo, aiyyo, we all up in your sight like cataracts
Me and Em tag team
Beat any of y'all on some battle rap
See us next time we stripping out your Cadillacs
How you like that? Soon you down like a battle axe

[Eminem]
I'm down like a battle axe
I got a phatter axe to smash
And I smash your cataracts
Cause it'a a Cadillacs that I be driving
When I be high off fucking vivarin
Now you can't see me cause I'm reviving and surviving in the D
Every single day in Detroit
If rappers wanna step to me they better get to the point
Cause they don't understand the way that I do it
The fluid that I be spittin' is never written
Cause I'm always, always spitting, cause it...

[Proof]
Aiyyo, you make your neck crack like a snare pop
We're fresh and they're not
So give it up, don't even do this
You're wack, in fact you get flat-lined
You need practice
We stick you like a cactus
Nah you're not a guy you're an actress
The fact is...

[Eminem]
Here's my address
This is my old address
And called: a street called Dresden
Yo, dead president is what I'm resurrecting
Gotta say "what's up?" to Desmond and J.O.B
But yo they don't help me do a thing, they never did
When I was a clever kid rhyming
I always used to go to school
And climb in the back baseball diamond

[Proof]
Hey yo, aboard, hold up
Hurt shoulder
Peace for Kurt Loder
Yeah, we're doing an interview
In a minute or two we're gonna enter in you

[Eminem]
In the nude, when we intrude
Don't mean to be rude but yo what's up dude?
How you doing MTV? How you doing Kurt?
How you doing everybody else in the world?
You getting hurt by this freestyle that I be coming up with
Erupting and kicking your mother in the tummy and in the stomach

[Proof]
Aiyyo, aiyyo, and all of this we just done is freestyle
Ah, ah, ah, don't touch that dial
Yeah

[Eminem]
Hold it right there I'm your worst nightmare
Wiping diapers on my high chair

[Proof]
What?! Yeah

[Eminem]
When I was this big, now I'm still bigger
But I'm skinny like a twig
Skinny little white boy growing up I liked noise
I spike punch and light joints

[Proof]
Aiyyo, everybody looks for us to follow
We thrust the bottle, thrust the throttle
Bust a bottle over your head
Train your thoughts just like custom model
Your guts is hollow
Back up, Proof and Em

[Eminem]
And all them wack MCs step it to me
And say “nine deuce”
Just remember that I hate you and yo I can't stand you

Em & proof: Yeah! bye bye, goodbye good night, bye bye, good night, bye bye, good night, bye bye
Eminem:
Heyyy! Steve: Hey, Em,
what's up? Eminem: Steve Berman. What's goin' on, man, how you
doin? Good to
see you again. What's up? Steve: Em, could you come here and have
a seat,
please? Eminem: Umm, yeah, what's... Steve: Vannessa, shut the
door.
Secretary: Okay. Eminem: So what's up? How's orders looking for
the first
week? Steve: It would be better if you gave me nothing at all.
Eminem: Wh-
Steve: This album is less than nothing. I can't sell this fucking
record. 
Eminem: Wha- Steve: Do you know what's happening to me out there?
Eminem:
Wh-wha-what's the problem? Steve: Violent Ground told me to go
fuck myself!
Eminem: Who's Violent...? Steve: Tower Records told me to shove
this record
up my ass! Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a
record shoved
up your ass? Eminem: But, I- Steve: I'm gonna lose my fuckin' job
over this.
You know why Dre's record was so successful? He's rappin' about
big-screen
tv's, blunts, 40's and bitches. You're rappin' about homosexuals
and
Vicadin. Eminem: I mean- Steve: I can't sell this shit! Eminem:
What- Steve:
Either change the record or it's not coming out! Eminem: What, I-
Steve: Now
get the fuck out of my office! Eminem: What am I supposed- Steve:
NOW!
Eminem: Alright man, whatever.
Mr. Berman?
What?!
We have Eminem here to see you 
About fuckin' time!
Send him in (Steve! Good to see ya man) 
Look who decided to show his face!
I hope you've had fun in the last 4 years. 
(Look man, I apologise again for...) 
For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm?
(Again, it was a mistake,) (a terrible mist- are you wearing a bulletproof vest?) 
and then you go and you do what? hide out? stay in Detroit from us 5 years while the music industry melts the fuck down?
Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fuckin' vacation?
(Well that's actually why I'm here, I was gonna, put out some new music and I wanted to play it for you, and get your opinion) 
Do I really need to hear it?
Let me guess, another album about poor me, I'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life, and I'm such a tortured artist.
Let me make music about it and my tragic love life, am I on to something here? (Come on man it's not like that yo) 
You know what? Just hand the fuckin thing over I'm done talkin' to you. Think you can just come and go as you please.
Big selfish superstar (Steve, I had a drug problem) 
Oh poor me, I had a drug problem.
Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what? 

(Hey! hey!) Just lay the shit down on my desk and get the fuck out (Woah, woah, woah. Jesus Christ man!)
(Alright alright here, fine) What's this shit? Two CD's? 
(That's what I've been tryin to tell you man, there's 2 albums)
Just get out! (Alright!) 
Get the fuck out (Alright man, see you later)
*Door knocks* 

Steve Berman:
It's ridiculous, I can't believe it, what?
Hold on a minute
Em.. 

Eminem:
Whuddup? 

Steve Berman:
Dre I'll call you back 

Eminem:
What now? 

Steve Berman:
I don't even know where to start 

Eminem:
Okay 

Steve Berman:
I got the album from upstairs.. 

Eminem:
And? 

Steve Berman:
And this is by far the most.. 

*Gun shoots*


Steve Berman:
...incredible thing I've ever heard
[Eminem]
A lot of people ask me.. am I afraid of death..
Hell yeah I'm afraid of death
I don't want to die yet
A lot of people think.. that I worship the devil..
that I do all types of.. retarded shit
Look, I can't change the way I think
And I can't change the way I am
But if I offended you? Good
Cause I still don't give a fuck

I'm zonin off of one joint, stoppin a limo
Hopped in the window, shoppin a demo at gunpoint
A lyricist without a clue, what year is this?
Fuck a needle, here's a sword, bodypierce with this
Livin amuk, never givin a fuck
Gimme the keys I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck
But I smoke dope in a cab
I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab
Come back the next week and re-open your scab (YEAH!)
A killer instinct runs in the blood
Emptyin full clips and buryin guns in the mud
I've calmed down now -- I was heavy once into drugs
I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz
My brain's gone, my soul's worn and my spirit is torn
The rest of my body's still bein operated on
I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin this rhyme
Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin this time

[Chorus:]

For all the weed that I've smoked - yo this blunt's for you
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
To all the friends I used to have - yo I miss my past
But the rest of you assholes can KISS MY ASS
For all the drugs that I've done - yo I'm still gon' do
To all the people I've offended - yeah fuck you too!
For everytime I reminisce - yo I miss my past
But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can KISS MY ASS

[Eminem]
I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you
And cut you so fast when your blood spilled it was still blue
I'll hang you til you dangle and chain you with both ankles
And pull you apart from both angles
I wanna crush your skull til your brains leaks out of your veins
And bust open like broken water mains
So tell Saddam not to bother with makin another bomb 
Cause I'm crushin the whole world in my palm
Got your girl on my arm and I'm armed with a firearm
So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb
Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on
And the pants to match ("Here momma try em on")
I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives,
a brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives
(Shittin on rappers) Causin hospital accidents
God help me before I commit some irresponsible acts again 

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it
Spend a million a track and went over my budget (Ohh shit!)
Now how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt?
I can't rap anymore - I just murdered the alphabet
Drug sickness got me doin some bugged twitches
I'm withdrawn from crack so bad my blood itches
I don't rap to get the women - fuck bitches 
Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes
Never ran with a click - I'm a posse
Kamikaze, strappin a motherfuckin bomb across me
From the second I was born, my momma lost me 
I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy
I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
My worst day on this earth was my first birthday
Retarded? What did that nurse say? Brain damage?
Fuck, I was born during the earthquake

[Chorus]
psst... hey, listen
i love my job 
it makes me feel like SUPAMAN! (haha)
can u fly? 
i can... wanna see?

i am only entertaining you
my goal is to stimulate
makin you high and take you and i
to places you cant see
but i believe you can fly
i dont mean nobody harm 
im just partyin
im not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
just the man whos on the mic
so let me entertain you

My lyrical content is constantly under fire
No wonder why constantly run back
To combat attacks, to constant concepts
From lyrics are constantly took out of context
Failure to communicate with congresses
Been a problem for the longest I guess but
Maybe one day we can make some progress
Food for thought see how long it takes to digest
Feeling good when I should be ashamed
Shit I really should've fell but I stood 
See I came like a flame in the night
Like a ghost in the dark
There's a ray, there's a light 
There's a hope, there's a spark
But when planets collide 
There'll never see eye to eye
Until they decide to set the differences aside
And this is why only one of us will survive
So children follow my lead and feel the vibe because

I am only entertaining you
my goal is to stimulate
Making you high and take you and I
To places you can't see
But I believe you can fly
I don't mean nobody harm 
I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me entertain you

My music can be slightly amusing
You shouldn't take lyrics so serious
It might be confusing
Tryin' to separate the truth from entertainment
It's stupid ain't it, I get sick of tryin' to explain it
See I could sit and argue wit you but it goes beyond
Just bein' a snot pointy nosed bleach blonde
'Cause I came here to uplift let you woes be gone
Tell 'em to get fucked and just mosey on
Constantly moving, constantly using the constitution
Here's a form of restitution 
Bless the children, nothing less than brilliant
Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams
I'll be here when y'all are gone rebuildin'
World revolvin', still evolvin', still Slim
How many kids'll copy? Probably millions
But I'm 'a do this is a fucking hobby 'til then, 'cause

I am only entertaining you
my goal is to stimulate
Making you high and take you and I
To places you can't see
But I believe you can fly
I don't mean nobody harm 
I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me entertain you

My lyrical content contains subject matter that
Sucks up all these fucked up young kids at an alarmin' rate
Common denominate
Add it up and you'll see that's why I dominate 
I try to stimulate but kids emulate 
And mimic every move you make, Slim you great
But wait can't you see I'm only here to entertain
I gotta be the one to go against the grain
'Cause may I see it, feel it, live it but it's inhumane 
For me to see you be influenced then pretend you ain't
But they don't understand that I been through pain
If you get to know me I could be a friend you gain
But you can't just stand there and try to judge
It hurts but your jealousy probably tears you up inside as much
And it's such a pleasure every button that I touch
I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust

I am only entertaining you
my goal is to stimulate
Making you high and take you and I
To places you can't see
But I believe you can fly
I don't mean nobody harm 
I'm just partyin'
I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian
Just the man who's on the mic
So let me entertain you
Uhh, hell yea man, hm, oh fuck yeah 
when im not at home, beating my shit to death 
I'm listening to the Madd Rapper's album 
This is Ken Kaniff, and i'm still mad as hell...fuck you) 

(Eminem) 
I'm crazy with this razor with this razor im crazy 
with this crazor im razy, razor crazed im crazy! 
(ok im unloaded!) GO BEAT JAY Z! 
(tell them im the ghostwrite form) ON DRE"S BEAT! 
ran in the ladies room naked in a blanket 
at the banquet and started to spank it 
came in the bank with a tank, fired a blank 
at the clerk & handcuffed her ankles at the 
safe and thanked her, but i didnt take nothin 
every bullet came from the same gun 
just from different angles, cuz i was pickin strange places to aim from 
(MR: man, i bet u 50 bucks u wont jump out the window shady) 
pay me 

(Madd Rapper) 
psych, no way fucked up in the head 
shot my girl and my sister cuz i cought 'um in bed 
im a crazy mothafucka might shoot me a fed 
or i just might start a fist fight instead 
see as far as the dough go 
i go loco, see me pumpin gas at your local saloco 
stuck off the hydro mixed with cocoa 
jump turn signs, then run from po po 

Chorus 2x 
Life stinks, we dont give a fuck son, we crazy 
Tear up the clubs and do drugs, we crazy 
Fuck wild ho's a bust slugs, we crazy 
Madd rapper is crazy, slim shady is CRAZY! 

(Madd rapper) 
yo yo, i wish id been aborted 
my pockets got a shortage 
everything i wanna floss i cant afford it 
im tryin to sell a ? my pops tryin to snort it 
my daughter's babysitter is about to be deported 
im mad cuz i still stand in line for clubs 
mad cuz my rottweiler still shits on the rugs (GOD DAMNIT SPIKE!) 
feelin kinda crazy now, i just might flip out 
slim shady gave me shroomz and i might trip out, like... 
fuck that slim keep that for yourself 
you a crazy white dude and u need some help 

(Eminem) 
I got a beautiful wife, kids and a gorgeous home 
what would make jump in the tub with a cordless phone 
im straight viscious i hit u with plates & dishes 
leave u 8 stitches, what im gay cuz i hate bitches? 
slut, dont be nice to me, ive had it with girls 
and id still be mad at the world, even if it apoligized to me 
youre hearin the last thoughts of a man about to blow his fuckin brains out 
fall back with a blood stained blouse on top of his spouse 
spread out on a blood stained couch 
in front of his kids that he just killed in the same house 
im sicker than Boy George picturin Michael Jackson 
in a little boys drawer shoppin at toy stores 
shady said it shady mean it 
i stayed admitted, ill throw a stroller at u, with a baby in it 
go ahead pull the plug, think i wont smack you 
i just dropped a fuckin pill mom, dont vaccuum! 

Chorus 2x
[Verse 1]

You used to say, that I'd never be nothing without you
And I'd believe I'm shot in the lugs, I gasp, I can't breathe
Just lay here with me, baby hold me please
And I'd  beg and I'd plead, drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream "baby please don't leave"
Snatch the keys, from your hand,
I would squeeze and you'd laugh
And you'd tease, you're just fucking with me
And you must hate, me
Why do you date me if you say I make you sick?
And you've had enough of me,
I smother you I'm 'bout to jump off the edge

[Chours]

But you won't break me,
You'll just make me, stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you'll I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble,
I'll get back up and uuuhhh
And I'm a still be humble, when I scream "fuck you"
Cause I'm stronger than I was

[Verse 2]

A beautiful face is all that you have
Cause on the inside you're ug-ly and mad
But you're all that I love, 
I grasp, you can't leave
Please stay here with me, baby hold me please
And I'd beg and I'd plead drop to knees
And I'd cry and I'd scream "baby please don't leave"
But you left and you took everything I had left
And left nothing, nothing for me
So please don't wake me, from this dream baby,
We're still together in my head
And you're still in love with me
Till I woke up to discover that that dream was dead

[Chours]

But you won't break me,
You'll just make me, stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you'll I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble,
I'll get back up and uuuhhh
And I'm a still be humble, when I scream "fuck you"
Cause I'm stronger than I was

[Verse 3]

You walked out, I almost died
It was almost a homicide that you caused 'cause I was so traumatized
Felt like I was in for a long bus ride,
I'd rather die than you not by my side
Can't count how many times I vomited, cried,
Go to my room turn the radio on and hide, uh
Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde
Nah, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde I
Felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie,
It was you and I why did I think it was ride or die?
Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda,
It's like you put a knife to my chest and pushed it right through to the
Other side of my back and stuck a spike, too, shoulda
Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't at the time,
No one could hurt me like you coulda
Take ya back now, what's the likelihood of that?
Bite me bitch, chew on a nineteen footer
'Cause this morning I finally stood up,
Held my chin up finally showed a sign of life in me for the
First time since you left me and left me with nothing but shattered dreams
And the life we could'a had, and what coulda been
But I'm breaking out of this slump 
I'm in pulling myself out of the dumps once again,
I'm getting' up once and for all fuck this shit
I'ma be late for the pity party
But you're never gonna beat me to the fucking punch again
Took it on the chin like a champ, so don't lump me in with those 'chump-ions'
I'm done being your punching bag

[Bridge]

It was the November 31st today, would have been our anniversary,
Two years but you left on the first of May
I wrote it on the calender, was gonna call but couldn't think of the words to say
But they came to me just now, so I put 'em in a verse to lay
And I thank you, cause you made me a better person than I was
But I hate you, cause you drained me,
I gave you all you gave me none
But if you blame me, you're crazy,
And after all is said and done
I'm still angry, yeah, I may be,
I may never trust someone

[Chours]

But you won't break me,
You'll just make me, stronger than I was
Before I met you, I'll bet you'll I'll be just fine without you
And if I stumble, I won't crumble,
I'll get back up and uuuhhh
And I'm a still be humble, when I scream "fuck you"
Cause I'm stronger than I was
[Intro]
Mhmmmm...
You high baby?
Yeah...
Yeah?
Talk to me!
You want me to tell you something?
Uh-huh.
I know what you want to hear...

[Refren A]
I know you want me baby, I think I want you too.
"I think I love you baby!" 
I think I love you too.
I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world.
I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl.
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too.
They call me superman, i'm here to rescue you.
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world...
"Ooooh boy you drive me crazy"
Bitch you make me hurl...

[Zwrotka 1]
They call me superman, leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down, in a relationship
Save it bitch, babysit, you make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase, I tell a muthafuckin' slut, to her face
Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask
Kiss my dick, get my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, i'll put you out, won't get out, i'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit, wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice, buy you ice, bitch if you died, I wouldn't buy you life
What you tryin' to be my new wife, what you Mariah, fly through twice...

[Mostek]
But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo'
Maybe i'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway hoe.

[Refren B]
Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman...

[Zwrotka 2]
Don't get me wrong, I love these hoe's
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah we fucked, bitch so what, that's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, i'll call you again, i'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kind of car i'll be in, we'll see how much you'll be partying then
You don't want that, neither do I, I don't want to flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do, how could it ever be just us two
I'd never love you enough to trust you, we just met and I just fucked you...

[Mostek]

[Refren A/B]

[Zwrotka 3]
First thing you say, "I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyways
You're just plain old Marshall to me"
Ooh ya' girl run that game
"Hailie Jade, I love that name, love that tatoo, what's that say"
"Rot in pieces, uh, that's great"
First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal, i'll slap you off that barstool
There goes another lawsuit, leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy whoadie, you must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have, ooh girl that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab, end up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a tampax, and slap you till you can't stand
Girl you just blew your chance, don't mean to ruin your plans...

[Mostek]

[RefrenA/B]

[Refren B x2]
[Hook: Liz Rodrigues]

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Verse 1]

Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared
I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there
From the beginning, it wasn't 'bout the ends
It was 'bout busting raps and standing for something, fuck an acronym
Cut the fucking act like you're happy, I'm fucking back again
With another anthem, why stop when it doesn't have to end?
It ain't over 'til I say it's over – enough when I say enough
Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up
I'm afraid of what'll happen to them wolves
When the thought of being thrown into an alligator pit, I salivate at it
Weight is up, hands up like it's 12 noon, nah, homie
Hold them bitches straighter up, wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff
Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos
I ain't deflate enough, last chance to make this whole stadium erupt

[Hook: Liz Rodrigues]

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Verse 2]

I can see the finish line with each line that I finish
I'm so close to my goals I can almost pole vault over the goal post
And if I don't got enough in the tank, maybe I can just siphon enough
To fill up this last can, man will I survive in this climate or what?
They said I was washed up, and got a blood bath
I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter, I can adjust
Plus I can just walk up to a mic and just bust
So floor's open if you'd like to discuss
Top 5 in this mothafucka and if I don't make the cut
What, like I give a fuck, I'mma light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck
To the side of a pump, 0 to 60 hop in and gun it
Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up
And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut
And I look like I might just give up, eh you might've mistook
Me for bowing out I ain't taking a bow, I'm stabbing myself
With a fucking knife in the gut, while I'm wiping my butt!
Cause I just shitted on the mic, and I like getting cut
I get excited at the sight of my blood, you're in a fight with a nut
Cause I'mma fight 'til I die or win
Biting the dust it'll just make me angrier, wait
Let me remind you of what got me this far, picture me quitting
Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut
It's survival of what?

[Hook: Liz Rodrigues]

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all

[Verse 3]

So get your ideas, stack your ammo
But don't come unless you come to battle, I'm mad now jump in the saddle
This is it, it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit
Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this
Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't diffuse the wick
I don't do this music shit, I lose my shit
Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth
It's all I know how to do, as soon as I get thrown in the booth, I spit
But my respect is overdue, I'm showing you the flow no one do
Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit!
So there's nothing for me to fall back on, I know no other trades
So you'd better trade your fucking mics in for some tool-box-es
Cause you'll never take my pride from me
It'll have to be pried from me, so pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers
But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to buh-lieve
Cause this is something that I must use to suc-ceed
And if you don't like me then fuck you!
Self es-teem must be fucking shooting through-the-roof cause trust me
My skin is too thick and bul-let proof to touch me
I can see why the fuck I disgust you
I must be a-llergic to failure cause everytime I come close to it
I just sneeze, but I just go atchoo then achieve!

[Hook: Liz Rodrigues]

This is survival of the fittest
This is do or die
This is the winner takes it all
So take it all
Well Jimmy moved in with his mother 
Cos he ain't go no place to go 
And now i'm right back in the gutter 
With a garbage bag that's full of clothes 

Cause you live at home in a trailer 
What the hell you gonna do (yee-hah!) 
Cuz i live at home in a trailer 
Mom I'm coming home to you 

Well my name is Jimmy 
He's name's Greg Beaule 
Me an' him an' you, - we went to the same school 
This ain't cool... I'm in a rage 
He's tapping my mom and we're almost the same age 
On the microphone i drop bombs 
Look at this car... 'Thanks a lot, Mom!' 
"Here and happy birthday Rabbit! Here's a brand new car, you can have it."

Mom i'm coming home to you
If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it
then so be it
cause nowadays these kids, jeer us
don’t give a shit bout lyrics
all they wanna hear is a beat and thats it
long as they can go to the club and get blitz
pick up some chicks and get some digits
and the DJ’s playing them hits
oh this my jam, this my sh-t
we dont know a word to a verse,
all we know is the chorus
cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us
and the songs ginormous, the whole formula’s switched
cause we don’t know anymore, what are hits
is it the beat, is it the rap
is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap
and how do we adapt and get TRL votes
when 13 year olds control the remote
and Ashley’s got a brand new nose
we gotta put some new em-phasis on our syllables

If the emphasis on the compact disc isn’t the beat
than I’m gon feature EM and get rich
and let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro
cause everywhere I go they love the bling bling flow
bang bang look at the way my chain glow
the ring on my fing’ cost Jermaine a lot of dough, oh
the f-ck am I busting my brain for?
its just the way the game go, it takes 2 to tango
you call this a lame flow
you bought the shit
I guess you to blame too
I just felt the angle
no more reality flow
I’m tryna time my album drop with a reality show
cock the Mac 11 in front of Hot 97
and call my publicist tell her we impressed heaven
no one gives a shit except for kids who just got into sex on the internet
so you want the chat room or the house of Malibu Em?
Your emphasis is on the wrong Syllable

They said 30′s the new 20
funny, must mean 40′s the new 30
interesting cause ever since then it’s been innocence
an extension for veteran rappers that are better than half
of the shit coming out right now
its all trash
the torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed
Jay said it’s his last and 50 and Em
then what? Detox drops what we got then
so now our whole camps running around scrambling over what to do
gambling everytime we put a record out
just looking for that hook

Wait Dre look
Shorty I love you
and you love me too
we were meant to be cause shorty
you love me
and I love you too
and I promise I’ll be true to you



Go shorty its your birthday
you made it just in time to hear my wordplay
its the kid who flip flows
used to flip O’s
and run G for days
used to see how I get hoes
I’m international, I get my dick licked round the globe
I’m sick right into show, riding on lolo’s
puffing on coco, my bitch in Manolo’s
don’t f-ck with the dodo’s, I sling for dumb hoes
I playing, I aint got time to joke, joke
you f-ck around, you could get your ass smoked
look, its not a game, me B, I aint playing
beep behind me player, so you here anyway
you don’t hear what I’m saying
me fin-nini-na
fee-fee-diddee-ya
just give me my check and I’ll be on my way
sunny bunny money and funny
you aint even listening and I just took your money

There once was a time everywhere he turned
shady aftermath was all ya heard
but they say 50 sang too much
and Em got soft
and they say Dre just fell the f-ck off
well f-ck the f-ck offs
all y’all eat soft, be mad, we bad fresh up outta the vault, oh!
new syllables eat ball, ya f-cks off’s
your house, your bitch I’m getting sucked off
East, south, midwest, even up north
falling victim to wax, spitting, bring out the white chalk
all for the gingerbread, we get it and get lost
catch me if you can, I’m running while y’all walk

Shady made me for bringing it back
for the history of rap
it’s gone with a snap, a sneer and a clap
what happened to just spittin about living in the muthaf-cking city you at
in the grimiest condition, I breath in drama
King Mathers and Cashme, thats freak karma
I’m everything, anything, you could never be
its a hitting, rhyme in the month deep
I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind
I repeat every evil deed done of mine
no rest contest, contract to sign
by blood I’m in this squad for life
hear out my wind pipes and I just chime
I’m the reason you guys won’t say that line
I’m crazy renegade like Em and Jay-z
I’m Rosemary’s baby

Shorty I love you
and you love me too
we were meant to be cause shorty
you love me
and I love you too
and I promise I’ll be true to you

It is not about lyrics anymore,
It is not about lyrics anymore
its about a hot beat, a hot beat
its about a hot beat, a hot beat
a hot hot hot beat
and a catchy hook
a hot hot hot beat
and a catchy hook
nobody gives a damn about them syllables, sillyle-ables, whatever they are
I don’t care if you gotta rhyme smo, joe, toe and glow
now get out there and sell some God-damn records
Don't ask me what's up with the hoes
I'm still working the kinks out
Love stinks, that explains all this anger that's spillin' out
And I ain't chilling out. Got an Oscar but I'm still a grouch
I use it as a doorstop and a prop
For the broken leg for the couch
Yelawolf, Shady, Tony-Touch, Slaughterhouse
Yeah the SWAT team 'bout to break them flyswatters out
Go to hell in a drought, break ice waters out
Nice try shorty wop
We can windowshop the jewelry store
But Christ for that price coulda' bought a house
Besides only thing I ever had iced out was my heart since I started out
It’s F.Y.I, if ya ain't knowing
What, go with you? Where? Nah, ain't going.
Oh wait, you wanna date? Oh, well in that case ho, it's June 8th, oh! and
Kinda like Beethoven composin' a symphony of hate
So much hate woven into these raps
He stitches a bitch, straight sewin'
Shit, I'm beginning to hate clothing.
I hate overalls cause they remind me of hoes
For Christ sake, they're shaped like an H woah and
You know what else starts with H though?
Hockey, shit, thought I had the place flowing
I hate to put you on ice but
You already had 3 periods in 60 minutes, great going
Plus you remind me of cocaine, ho
You always in the mirror with your face
So, I feel an urge to put you all in a line
And chop you with a razor blade, yo wait,
I'm an a-hole
Devil with a halo
Hell yeah, I'd nail J-Lo
To the railroad!
Say I won't! Better hope you can stay afloat
When I take the wind out your sailboat
But, I ain't playing yo!
Dope as Shady?
Don't kid yourself.
Bitch you ain't even a baby goat
In your garden 
I try to fall asleep 

Sister Mary 
Walking on the wall 
Sister Mary 
Heading for a fall 
Sister Mary 
Waiting for a call 
Sister Mary 
Pride before a fall 

So many moments 
All I really neede was the one 
So many moments 
I have been mistreated 
Playings done 
Pretty soon I'm gonna run 
Sister Mary 
Walking on the grass 
Sister Mary 
Breathing on the glass 
Sister Mary 
Looking at the past 
Sister Mary 
You've got peace at last 
So many moments 
All I really neede was the one 
So many moments 
I have been mistreated 
Playings done 
Pretty soon I'm gonna run 

Take it or leave it 
'cause I don't care 
you better believe it 
I'm down there 
Take it or leave it 
I'm down there 
Take it or leave it 
'cause I don't care 
I come out of the blue 
Bringing dark days for you 

In your garden 
I try to stay awake
[Intro]
Yo...Dre Man..Make my vocals sound sexy
Come on man, come on man, okaaaay

[Hook]
It feels so wrong cause it feels so right
But its all right, its ok with me
I'll do my steps all by myself
I don't need nobody to play with me
But if you just give me a chance
I can put you in a trance the way I dance
But don't nobody wanna play with me so I'm
Taking My Ball and going home, home

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm that guy man, shove a diamond up my hind end
And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals
Slut poke holes in ya shirt, jump in mud puddles
While I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl, now lets cuddle
Blood curdlin', your gurglin' on your blood, what'll
I do for my next trick? I'm feelin' won-der-ful
I think I might just do somethin' a little less subtle
Shove a fucking tonka truck up a little kids butthole
Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador
Of the valentines day massacre
Slash assassin, I slash her in the ass with a
Icicle and leave her layin' a blood bath while I
Put a catheter in and jump in the bath with her
In my spiderman mask man, just imagine the fun I can have with a strap on
Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon
Are those pistachio's damn, I'd like to have some
Laying on the patio man, rolling a fat one
Shady drop the magic marker, put the cap on
God damn man, are you that much of an asshole?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm like Houdini, tuck my teenie eenie weenie between each
One of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie
Make the shit disappear like Tara Reid in a bikini
Believe me homie, you don't know the meaning of a meanie
They call me the fruit loop from jupiter
I'm tryna to maneuver the hoover up in your poop shoot
Don't move or ya might get it stuck so fucking far up in your uvula
You ain't gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus
Totally tubular, sniffin' glue through a tube in the studia
Now who do ya think is more fruitier
Weenier smothered in peanut butter puttin' on a tube of ya
Eye shadow and man it looked nice, you should've seen it mother
I think I'll put a piece of art on my visa card
Then I'll go beat Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart
Then mosey on over to Rosie O'Donnell's with McDonald's
Jump on her lap and watch the Sopranos

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Shady, what are you doin' chewin' on a human?
Grab an aluminum bat hit Heidi Klum in the back, BOOM!
And assumin' the fact that that dudes in the back room
Usin' the bathroom vacuumin' a raccoon
Skewin' a rat, a cat screwin' a baboon
You shouldn't ask what is he doin' with that broom
You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds
You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance, ooh
But there afraid I might get Sarah Palin by the hair
And make her wear a bathin' suit and take her para sailin'
Shady why you gotta pick on the lady for
Why you make her read 84 bed time stories to you in baby talk?
Cause I'm scared there's monster's under my bed
Kelly Pickler hid my juice box under my bassinet
No wonder my ass is wet, my diaper needs to be changed
You like graffiti dike, well I can pee pee and write your name

[Hook]

Fine nobody wants to play with me
Fuck you then bitch!
You guys are always mean to me anyways
All you ever do is rub gum in my hair and stuff
You guys are gonna make me...make me sad I'm sad
I'm gonna cry...I'm crying
I'm going' tell my mom....mom
[Intro: Eminem]
Ayo, before I start this song man
I just wanna, thank everybody for being so patient
And bearing with me over these last couple of years
While I figure this shit out

[Hook: Kobe]
Is anybody out there? It feels like I'm talking to myself
No one seems to know my struggle and everything I've come from
Can anybody hear me? Yeah, I guess I keep talking to myself
It feels like I'm going insane, am I the one who's crazy? Yeah

(So why in the world, do I feel so alone?
Nobody but me, I'm on my own
Is there anyone out there, who feels the way I feel?
If there is then let me hear just so I know that I'm not the only one)

[Verse 1]
I went away I guess and opened up some lanes
But there was no one who even knew I was going through, growing pains
Hatred was flowing through my veins, on the verge of going insane
I almost made a song dissing Lil Wayne
It's like I was jealous of him cause of the attention he was getting
I felt horrible about myself, he was spittin
And I wasn't, anyone who was buzzing back then coulda got it
Almost went at Kanye too, God it
Feels like I'm going psychotic, thank God that I didn't do it
I'da had my ass handed to me, and I knew it
But Proof isn't here to see me through it
I'm in the booth, popping another pill, tryna talk myself into it
Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissing people for no reason?
'specially when you can't even write a decent punchline even?
You're lying to yourself, you're slowly dying, you're denying your health
Is declining with your self-esteem, you're crying out for help

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Marshall you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow
All I know is I'm wallowing, self-loathing and hollow
Bottoms up on the pill bottle, maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow
My sorrow echoes in this hall though
But I must be talking to the wall though
I don't see nobody else (I guess I keep talking to myself)
But all these other rappers suck is all that I know
I've turned into a hater, I put up a false bravado
But Marshall is not an egomaniac, that's not his motto
He's not a desperado, he's desperate, his thoughts are bottled
Inside him, one foot on the brake, one on the throttle
Falling asleep with writer's block in the parking lot at McDonald's
But instead of feeling sorry for yourself do something 'bout it
Admit you got a problem, your brain is clouded, you pouted
Long enough, it isn't them it's you you fucking baby
Quit worrying 'bout what they do and do Shady, I'm fucking going crazy

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
So I picked myself off the ground and fucking swam 'fore I drowned
Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice, suffice, this time around
It's different, them last two albums didn't count
"Encore" I was on drugs, "Relapse" I was flushing 'em out
I've come to make it up to ya now, no more fucking around
I got something to prove to fans cause I feel like I let 'em down
So please accept my apology, I finally feel like I'm back to normal
I feel like me again, let me formally
Reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know
The new me's back to the old me and homie I don't show no
Signs of slowing up, oh and I'm blowing up all over
My life is no longer a movie but the show ain't over homos
I'm back with a vengeance homie, Weezy keep ya head up
T.I. keep ya head up, Kanye keep ya head up, don't let up
Just keep slaying 'em, rest in peace to DJ AM
Cause I know what it's like, I struggle with this shit every single day and um

[Hook]

[Outro: Eminem]
So there it is, damn
Feels like I just woke up or something
I guess I just, forgot who the fuck I was man
Ayo, and to anybody I thought about going at
It was never nothing personal
Just some shit I was going through
And to everybody else, I'm BACK! Ha ha
A lot of people ask me, am I afraid of death?
The truth is, I think what scares the me most
Is not being able to say all the things
I wanna say to you when I'm no longer here
So this song is for Hailie, for when that day comes
Where is Hailie? Where is she at?
This ain't Hailie [Hailie]
Who is it?
It's a monster [Hailie]

I've been waiting all night for the sunrise
To take away the dark sky
Damn, monster [Hailie]
Ain't no baby monster, I'm the mama monster [Hailie]
Aw [Eminem]
All it takes is a new day sometimes
To get me in a better state of mind
Give me a kiss monster, give me kiss, muahhh, love you [Eminem]
I love you [Hailie]

If I could just fall asleep
I'd be lost in a dream
But right now, it's misery
And I just have to remember

That when a heart breaks, it ain't broken forever
The pieces will grow back together
And in time, I'll be fine
The tears are temporary

Yeah, so Hailie Jade, I wrote you this song
To help you cope with life now that I'm gone
How should I start? Just wanna say
Look after Alaina, Stevie, and Uncle Nate
And, sweetie, be strong, I know I was your rock
And I still am, saying goodbye is just not
Ever easy, but why you crying? Just stop
Hailie, baby, dry your eye, this is not forever

That when a heart breaks, it ain't broken forever
The pieces will grow back together
And in time, I'll be fine
The tears are temporary

Daddy (Ooh) [Hailie]
What? (Ooh) [Eminem]
I used to have this when I was a little kid (Ooh) [Hailie]
Baby, are you OK? (Ooh)

Yeah, and you will get over me and move on
You can play me on repeat on a song
But don't you dare shed a tear, what I tell you?
“Straighten up, little soldier”
Them times when I held you
Jade, it'll be OK, baby, I'm here, hey
I'm watchin' you right now, baby girl; I vow
I will protect you, your guardian angel
As hard as this may feel, us parting is painful
And darling, the rain will drive you insane still
You will remain strong, Hailie, just hang on
It won't be too long; I need you to move on
And remember, it will get better
'Cause time heals and when a

When a heart breaks, it ain't broken forever
The pieces will grow back together
And in time, I'll be fine
The tears are temporary
The bad days will start to get better
And we'll be laughin' together
And tonight, when I cry
The tears are temporary

I know this big girl (Ooh) [Eminem]
And she's really pretty (Ooh) [Eminem]
You know what her name is? [Eminem]
Hailie (Ooh) [Hailie]
Hailie, how did you know? (Ooh) [Eminem]

Yeah, and if there's days when you wanna lock yourself in your room and cry
Just think about how when you were little, how you and I
Back and forth to the studio, we used to drive
You strapped in the backseat 'cause you were my
Little sidekick, yeah, sweetie, I know this hurts
Bean, I'm wishing your pain away
Remember this, Hailie Jade, there's gonna be rainy days
I promise you'll get through 'em and make it regardless
Fuck it, Jade, I'll be honest, I knew that you was gonna take this the hardest
Sweetie, get up; I know that is is breaking your heart
The hardest thing I ever wrote
Daddy [Hailie]
Hailie, sweetheart, it's OK for you to let me go
Baby, I promise you that

When a heart breaks, it ain't broken forever
The pieces will grow back together
And in time, I'll be fine
The tears are temporary
The bad days will start to get better
And we'll be laughin' together
And tonight, when I cry
The tears are temporary

What's your favorite song? (Ooh) [Eminem]
My favorite song is mine and your favorite song (Ooh) [Hailie]
Mine and your favorite song? [Eminem]
Right at this part [Hailie]
It's your favorite part, dad (Ooh) [Hailie]

And you were taping me, b**ch [Hailie]
I got you on tape cussin' [Eminem]
Can you hear? [Hailie]
Yep [Eminem]
No, bch [Hailie]
No, what? [Eminem]
No, I said no, I said no, b**ch [Hailie]
OK, no cussin', no cussin' [Eminem]
[King Tech] 
One two, one two 
We dedicate this one to the hip-hop culture y'all 
Brought to you by the WOOOORRRLLLD FAMOUS Wake-Up Show! 

[RZA] 
Bobby Steels, Staple' tails, MC's get your lips stapled 
Project Killa Hill is stamped on the map like the compass 
Sacred sword play tongue-twist, piercin holes in you 
You can't escape, 70,000 kilowatts blast through your box 
Woke wit alarm clocks, cars drivin slow down the block 
One stopped, parks pops his trunk 
Snare pops loud as glock shots 
Bass like an M-80 in your face, cops stop, give us citation 
We pause for radio station identification 
WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP! 

[Tech N9NE] 
When I Woke-Up, I got the mic and never chocked up 
Busted a verse and all the G's in Cali loc'ed up when I was summoned 
Styles were mixed like the Drummonds, Killer Clown is comin 
Look around, your town is crumblin 
This Big Tech from the midwest, leavin MC's lipless 
On The Wake-Up Show, make up no, stories about my shake-up flow 
Put me off in a cipher? Potna, you can't fuck wit the sniper 
Your flow's premature, clean your dirt diaper 
Mic heister, psycho, alpha-schizo 
Hypno, chryo-gat flow, guru and ain't nobody tighter 
Sway & Tech heard me flow and its sealed 
Now I got Swedish women yelling "Tech N9NE's filled" 

[Eminem] 
This place is my house, I might as well erase my face wit white-out 
Cuz y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?) 
Climped out of a nice house, 
through the front window and heard this guy shout 
"Hey that's my couch, bitch!" 
Pull a nine out during a rhyme bout 
While I'm rippin this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds 
And murder you hoes worse than flippin a convertible 
Nose first wit the top off landin upside-down 
You're tied down and duct-taped, fuck rape 
I'd rather just hump a slut's leg wit my nuts shaved 
And Sway & Tech, two disk jokeys 
Breakin so many friggin needles I wonder if they inject 

[Xzibit] 
Lo and behold, better than platinum or gold 
Yes God bless success, never forsake your soul 

Xzibit take control, locked loaded and ready to roll 
Play the upper hand, a man that's never gon' fold 
Cuz your tape sucks, find a new hobby that you can take up 
Or listen to my niggas Tech & Sway so you can Wake-Up 
The X-man, catch me doin drills in the Danger Room 
Big game hunting, from high-noon to the full moon 

[Pharoahe Monch] 
Wit synonyms, I get an adrenaline rush 
From minimum thrusts, bust multiple assualts in small interims 
As horrid as Borris Kolaf was 
When I cut your neck, leave a little piece of flesh 
So the head won't fall off, hauled-off 
Sawed-off shotgun blast, he asked 
Why did he have to die like cast metal? 
O, huh, C now like Omar Credle 
We pone pedal at a high resolution 
On the Wake-Up Show wit Sway, Tech and DJ Revolution 

*DJ Revolution scratches* 

[Kool G Rap] 
I sway the tech wit the Tech and Sway 
Step away, wet and spray, rep the day 
Who over debt to pay get swept away 
Across the whole board like checker play 
When I blaze your whole sect' arrays 
Wake-Up Show for those slept away 
Niggas that the trey, hit the deck and pray 
DJ Revolution, spinnin like lead from out the heck-AK 
Tearin your neck away, flood up the street wit bloody decora' 
Until the head of jake investigate 

[Jayo Felony] 
What? Sway can give it to you, but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it 
Tech can give it to you, but Whatcha Gon' Do? 
Rev can give it to you, but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it 
I can give it to you, Wha Wha Wha What What! 

[Chino XL] 
Yo yo Chino makes the world go 'round 
Fuckin up entire record companies like Harrel did to Motown 
Vominous talk, poison pen, hominous walk 
What flow will I destroy wit this time, the most commonest thought 
The drama that's brought, caught us in a midst of sibling rivalry 
For instance, there's nothing in existence that can survive wit me 
Clone me like sheep, I clean house like Tony Rand-all 
Wit style filed for sexual harrassment like Tisha Camp-bell 
You're wack like Will Smith, your rhyme style is pansy 
I fuckin murder your young style like JonBenet Ramsey 
Now who the master to beg? Your demo gets passed on the reg' 
You shouldn't have been signed if you had a white cast on your leg 
I'm Wake-Up Show reppin wit Sway & Tech 
My tec's like Tekken, the industry weapon 
I'm Chino X, bring KRS in 

[KRS-One] 
De de de de de de da di day, KRS-One comin wit the Tech & Sway 
Yo, I rock up the littlest set, and on the biggest set 
As ill as it gets I still manage to wiggle your neck wit sweat 
Never forget, the bigger the budget the bigger the debt 
You gotta be willin to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet 
But I'm willin to bet, on a Sway & a Tech 
They stay in effect, never been a pain in the neck, they gainin respect 
Nevertheless I WRECK YOU, now you know what Sway & Tech do 
I'll be back but for now just sackle! 
FRESH, FOR NINETY-NINE YOU SUCKAS!!!
I'm a little nutty and I know it
but if you go back and take a look at my history
you will see that I'm not the only one who's off his rocker
there were many before me

I was always labelled the black sheep of the family
what a bad seed I grow to be
but if you take a look at us now
you'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree

(haha)
alright, look
I'ma tell you the story from my side
maybe you'll understand
check it out

you done witnessed unexplainable shit
too insane to explain
people run from what the just don't get
maybe Shady shoulda just hit 'em with a little bit 
did I spit too soon? Should I of spoon fed 'em it?
but I was just so eager to prove I was even worth 
being in the same league or the room
of the people of whom I was in 
every now and then I look up like I was seeking approval
was it because of the pigment of my skin
or was it a figment of my imagination
maybe it bothered me more than it did them
maybe it wasn't a big deal back then
but to me it was, see what it was was
I had developed the complex from being judged
Proof spit his verse, now I'm next, let's see who balks
I'm in the booth staring back to see who's mugs
I get a reaction from, usually the first thumb was from Proof
and the rest of the group backed him up
and no one lied to each other cause none of us had deals
it was real, we just wanted tickets for that meal

Sometimes I feel like it's just me
sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
I said...
sometimes I feel like it's just me
sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family 
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree

Ever since my mother was pregnant 
with her second egg cause she said 
that I had a baby sister who fell out of the window
I was too young to remember
Kansas City projects
I was like 5, 6, and how come
I remember Malcolm, Isaac, and Boogie
if it was the projects in Missouri? 
cause those're my best friends until Isaac
took my tricycle and my uncle Todd went to try to go get it back
and ended up getting jumped and cut in the gut with a switch and 70-some stitches
which is still, to this day
why my mother still tries to show me some old fake picture
of a fictitious little sister who never existed 
and this is why part of my life's so twisted
but I can never be as sick as that bitch is
and, by the way, that bitch is one of my relatives

Sometimes I feel like it's just me
sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
I said...
sometimes I feel like it's just me
sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family 
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree

You probably have to peel back layers upon layers of pain 
to see why everything I say is so insane 
what's different about my brain
that separates me from other players in this game?
on the surface, it may seem like a scheme
or some sort of scam for me to get some damn sympathy
but that's the last thing I need is for people
to walk around feeling sorry for me (me)
and I'm not a G, never claimed to be
I gave my vest to Cashis, just hope 
he don't need it more than me
but we'll see, cause we ain't lookin' for beef
but if it comes our way, what do we, turn the other cheek?
come on

Sometimes I feel like it's just me
sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree
I said...
sometimes I feel like it's just me
sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy
but take a look at my family 
cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree

Yeah
and I'm the crazy one, right?
whatever!
then let me be the crazy one!
(sounds)
cuckoo! cuckoo! 
tweet!
haha
How the fuck he got an Oscar,
Passed out in his red Mazda,
With his fuckin head in his pasta,
in the parking lot of K-mart plaza,
across from the Red Lobster,
Looking like the Loch Ness Monster,
Dressed like a cross dressed mobster,
talk is cheap it cost less to gossip,
I’ll probably be a lot less hostile,
if you snots kept your snozzes out the air holes
or get fucked in all seven holes,
ass, mouth, pussy, yeah, both ears,
and ha, yes nostrils,
at the Ozfest with Nas,
bumpin Das EFX in a wrecked up Dotsin
and drop two extra strength Watson Vicodin,
out my pocket, they cost less,
I’m a hot mess, cuz I tripped and got my head stuck in a wasps nest,
in the process, awesome.

Drunk as fuck, one sock, pulling my boxers up
With boxing gloves, but I keep dropping my fucking binoculars
Got 2 fucking hyroxycuts and 4 oxys stuck in my esophagus
These 3 lesbian lil stocky sluts thought I swallowed 2 hockey pucks 
Started screaming "serves you right you cocky fuck, that's what you get for mocking us!"
"Ain't as clean as you thought you was!"
Bitch, all I did when I walked up was have my dick in a sock 
Like it's a sock puppet, so no strings attached, you can all suck it
*chicka* get it? aw fuck it
Shit's about to get hairy as motherfucking Chewbacca's nuts
Cock suckersssss.
Okay (yeah)
It's about that time again (haha)
Green Lantern (that's Right)
G-G-G-G-G Uni- (shit)
Hahaha, Shady
We Back (Invasion) Part II
The Conspiracy
'Cause we ain't gonna never stop, you just keep wasting your energy
On us, you should find something to do with your time (time)
And quit fuckin' with us 'cause we ain't fuckin' with you
And it must be fuckin' with you so much you must be going out your mind
They say I'm a day away from my entire empire crumbling
Speak up, you're mumbling, what the fuck-a you's a
Bibi-bay okay big-bi-bi-baby
This is Shady, I know you was bi-bi-hoping we be-be-would just go away
But weeble mable weeble wobble but we don't fall down like
Jam Master Jay's two turntables, our label is just too stable
Your magazine's so motherfucking thin you using staples
To hold it together it's turning back into a newspaper
And y'all got somethin' for my ass every issue
Thank you, 'cause I keep runnin' out of fucking tissues
And I could diss you but God I was sick of looking at you
At least now I can see when Nike's got a new tennis shoe
But-but I guess no good news is always good-good news
Moving on to bigger and better things (chicka chicka jeera)
50's blowing up, this year just keeps going up
What the fuck is going on? Who the fuck is Norah Jones?
Shady, wait a minute, baby, leave the whore alone
Just go up there and be humble and take them awards home
Bush has just declared the world a fucking war zone
Meanwhile, we got a war going on of our own at home
My fuckin' mind's blown, trying to figure out how to fight my own clone
Rhinestones are so nice, they shine so bright especially at night
After a hit of ecstasy, ain't that right Ro'oh?
Wait a minute I'm rambling, back to the matter at hand
It's Green Lantern with Elvis Presley the selfish MC
Back to the ruin rap and destroy the industry
Single handedly and oh man did we, yeah, me and 50
Obie, me and Twizzy
And Nelly and Missy and Jigga goddamn it's all a plan devised by the man
It's a conspiracy, against fake shit, and anybody who can't make hits
Or ain't dope lyrically
So fuck what you heard and what you read about
We ain't ruining rap, baby, we're just trying to weed it out
Shady in the place to be, see, and I got what it takes to rock the mic, right!
Still keep talking shit to me punk
'Cause your magazine's over in less than six months
Haha, Shady Records, still Aftermath
And don't think we can hear you motherfuckers talking, 'cause we can't
We don't hear y'all
So we just gon' sit back for the rest of our lives
While you ride our dicks
[Mr. Mackey] (Eric Cartman)
And everyone should get along..
Okay children quiet down, quiet down
Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day
His name is Mr. Shady
Children quiet down please
Brian don't throw that (SHUT UP!)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute 
while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (HE'S GOT AIDS!)
Good luck Mr. Shady

[Eminem]
Hi there little boys and girls (FUCK YOU!)
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi Bob! ("Hi Bob") Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
and he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
but his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
and wait in the parkin lot for waitresses off the clock
when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (AHH!)
And even if they escaped and they got the cops
the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge
'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off
But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a "Dr."
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her
and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander
they never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana, 
and what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you 

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (that's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)
Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Eminem]
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
FUCK NO you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?)
Speakin of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back
Meet Zach, twenty-one years old 
After hangin out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys
and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive
and his eyes roll back in his skull {*blblblblblb*} 
His back starts tah - look like the McDonald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal barfin {*BLEH*}
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!"
cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over
and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (that's right)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)
So kids say no to drugs (smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (that's right)
And there's really nothin else to say (but umm)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Eminem]
And last but not least, one of the most humungous
problems among young people today, is fungus
It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off, 
bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em..
And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?)
Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair
(Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?)
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus
Ya tongue gets, all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?)
cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!!)
See drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!)
But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D.
They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee
and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 
cause I'm bad for you

[Chorus: Mr. Mackey (Eminem)]

See children, drugs are bahhhd (uh-huh)
and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (put that down)
and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (you can ask)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (and she will)
So kids say no to drugs (say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (like I do)
And there's really nothin else to say (that's right)
Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

[Mr. Mackey] (Eric Cartman)
Come on children, clap along (SHUT UP!)
Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!)
so there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny! *fart* Ewww, ahhh!)
(So, fucked up, right now..)
[Verse 1: Eminem]
I rolled up like the bottom of a tooth paste tube
Blue suede shoes, one missin' a shoe lace too
Two chains, you can call me 2 Chainz
Ropes hang like Hussein's noose
Yeah, they let the fruitcake loose
It goes: one for the trailer park, two for my baby-ma's
Three for the tater tots, four if you ate a lot
Five if you came to rock, straight up while I'm shittin' on my comp'
I'm about to use the John like Grey Poupon
Money like a scroll, bitch, my paper long
Longer than it takes a blonde to put her makeup on
'Cause me and Elvis gelled together like cellmates
Yeah, this the Jailhouse, and I don't give a– (What?)

[Chorus: CeeLo Green & Eminem]
And I don't give a shit about a thing you say
I just wanna feel like a king again
And if you don't like it you can sit and spin
Middle fingers up (Yeah), we 'bout to do this shit again

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Modus operandi, bottled the blond dye
Top five since I discovered peroxide
Yeah, since I got signed, I went from pot pies
To Jack and the Bean–, I'm watchin' my stock rise (Woo!)
These little attention seekers, I'm finna treat 'em like diabetics
Got 'em all on pins and needles, just like Ozempic, meaning
Give these little pricks the finger, and when I stick this thing up
It's higher than Wiz Khalifa, soon as he lit the weed up
As I go pickin' speed up, like I was finna re-up
Rap is my new Vicodin, Moxin is how I treat it
Still goin' toe-to-toe, I'm still boxing with all my demons
A couple Xanny bars and I'm Danny Gar–, see-ya
Been stuntin' on you from the jump like Evel Knievel
I'm back in the cut and stackin' chips up like a can of Pringles
Sometimes I feel like D. Rose, I got so many hit singles
Bitch, I barely have any free throws, you sleepin' on me like I'm ZzzQuil

[Chorus: CeeLo Green]
See, I don't give a shit about a thing you say
I just wanna feel like a king again
And if you don't like it you can sit and spin
Middle fingers up, we 'bout to do this shit again

[Post-Chorus: Eminem & CeeLo Green]
It goes: one for the trailer park, two for my baby-ma's
Three for the tater tots, four if you ate a lot
Five if you came to rock, and you never gave a fuck
Middle fingers up, we 'bout to do this shit again

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I stole black music, yeah true
Perhaps used it as a tool to combat school
Kids way back on some bathroom shit
Now I call a hater a bidet (Why?)
'Cause they mad that they can't do shit (Haha)
And I know I'm such a dick, huh? (Yeah)
And it must be fuckin' with ya (Yeah)
To know I fuckin' quit the (What?)
Prescription drugs and liquor
And yet my house is bigger
Still wrappin' circles around you, like a boa constrictor (Break it down)
Now I'm about to explain to you all the parallels
Between Elvis and me, myself
It seems obvious: one, he's pale as me
Second, we both been hailed as kings
He used to rock the Jailhouse, and I used to rock The Shelter
I used to have no self-esteem
I used to cry myself to sleep
Honestly, my new doubt is me
[?] lost motivation
He done make you look stupid
Believers, a little faith is all I seek from you
All I need to do is hear you say the same shit
My father said to me when I was just a week or two
"Marshall, I be leavin' you" (Haha, stupid)
No more Guinness stout, but my belief in myself
Once again is stout, so many world records, I'm Guinness'ed out
Bitch, what you say goes in and out
My ear canals, so either my hearing's out
[Eminem]
I'm gonna kill this bitch
Im'a kill him
I'm going to fucking jail
Cuz im gonna kill this bitch

[Dave]
Yo man

[Eminem]
Wha ?

[Dave]
I dont know
I gotta realy really bad feelin about this

[Eminem]
Man would u shut the fuck up dave you always gotta bad feelin man
Thats her car right there

[Dave]
Aight let me park

[Eminem]
Just park

[Dave]
Im parkin!

[Eminem]
Turn the car off dogg

[Dave]
Aight

[Eminem]
Aight we wait

[Dave]
We wait for what

[Eminem]
We wait till she comes out and then im gonna fuckin kill her

[Dave]
Man you aint gonna kill no one
What the fuck did you bring that for

[Eminem]
Man shut the fuck up dog
Just shutup, the fuckin clip is empty

[Dave]
Man dont point that shit at me

[Eminem]
Its not even loaded bitch, look

[Dave]
Dude, god i fuckin hate it when you do that shit

[Eminem]
Yea but its funny as fuck

[Dave]
Muthafucka im gonna kill you one of these days i swear

[Eminem]
Gets you everytime
Is that her?

[Dave]
where?

[Eminem]
Right there mothafucka

[Dave]
Oohh yeah

[Eminem]
Aight get down get down

[Dave]
Fuck, what u doing to her?

[Eminem]
Get Down!

[Dave]
What the fuck you want me to get under the car?

[Eminem]
Yo, who she walkin with

[Dave]
How the fuck am i suppose to know, you told me to duck down

[Eminem]
Its the fuckin bouncer
Did she just kiss him

[Dave]
I dont think so

[Eminem]
Dogg she just fucken kissed him

[Dave]
No she didnt

[Eminem]
Shes kissin him

[Dave]
No shes not

[Eminem]
Gets out car

[Dave]
Ohh shit

[Eminem]
Come on
[Hook: Rihanna]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek
Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey
Wanted to receive attention for my music
Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me
For wantin' my cake, and eat it too, and wantin' it both ways
Fame made me a balloon ‘cause my ego inflated
When I blew, see, but it was confusing
‘Cause all I wanted to do's be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf
Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam
Ooh! Hit the lottery, ooh-wee
But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet
It was like winnin' a used mink
Ironic ‘cause I think I'm gettin' so huge I need a shrink
I'm beginnin' to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep
Going coo-coo and kooky as Kool Keith
But I'm actually weirder than you think, ‘cause I'm…

[Hook: Rihanna]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that’s nothin'
Well, that’s nothin'

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Now, I ain't much of a poet
But I know somebody once told me
To seize the moment and don't squander it
‘Cause you never know when it all could be over tomorrow
So I keep conjurin'
Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from
Yeah, ponderin' will do you wonders
No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders
Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo!
I think it went wanderin' off down yonder
And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen
‘Cause I need an interventionist
To intervene between me and this monster
And save me from myself and all this conflict
‘Cause the very thing that I love's killing me
And I can't conquer it
My OCD is conkin' me in the head, keep knockin'
Nobody's home, I'm sleepwalkin'
I'm just relayin' what the voice in my head's sayin'
Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the…

[Hook: Rihanna]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that’s nothin'
Well, that’s nothin'

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Call me crazy, but I have this vision
One day that I'll walk amongst you a regular civilian
But until then, drums get killed and
I'm comin' straight at MC's, blood gets spilled and
I'll take it back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track
Give every kid who got played that pumped up feelin'
And shit to say back to the kids who played him
I ain't here to save the fuckin' children
But if one kid out of a hundred million
Who are going through a struggle feels it and
Relates, that's great, it's payback, Russell Wilson
Falling way back in the draft
Turn nothin' into somethin', still can
Make that, straw into gold chump, I will spin
Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack
Maybe I need a straight jacket, face facts
I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that
It's nothin', I'm still friends with the…

[Hook: Rihanna]
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed
Get along with the voices inside of my head
You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath
And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy
Well, that’s nothin'
Well, that’s nothin'
[Intro]
To the Batmobile, let's go

Yo', Manix man, I'mma take this one kinda slow, alright?

[Verse one]
Welcome to the Flipside
Hope he can swim, cause if he can't; he gonna drown on a whip tie
It's pourin', plus the old man ain't snorin'
Cause he gotta get up pretty damn early in the mornin'
Cause I'm slammin' like Basketball Jones
Swoopin'out thrones and nothing but the break bones
You suckas disgust me like low fat
Gimme a bat and I'll show you where your head at
Tryna hit the row when your paddles a little pache
I think you better stay home and eat your broccoli
Cause you still got a long ways to go
So you better step northeast cause you picked the wrong Joe
You ain't ready to throw with the mighty man
And don't forget about the rest of the band
So you better get used to the shrine
Cause I've been rappin' as long as I can write rhymes
These grandma hands make stuff like potery
To making too too many shots, you'd think it start an astrology
You wanted to live so tell about what you went through
You couldn't cut the mustard if I gave you a ginsu

[DJ Buttafingaz scratching]

[Verse two]
Quickly, step to the side cause I'm comin' through
You think you was lookin' to call me W or Double you?
So how could you think you outdid me
While I'm getting getaways quicker than a kidney
That was to a rabbit as sticky then you're a total pigeon
You know you couldn't even blow a rhyme in a circle
You little kiddies are getting a bit too frolocky
Throwing me lot more sorries than an apology
Pass me the chalk and the vite Court Plea
Let me give it the proper operation that it needs
So allow me to put a end-a-week melody
Need it for suckers like peanut butter and celary
Switch up the zone and put words that I kick with ease
And you with the face, not feel a pygmy
And Let her resent like Tia's mama
More tooth than a sharp pair of sheers
And given that, I couldn't throw up a chop suey
You remember the day you watched Wicca Pool
Then you'll know what it's like to take a nosedive
Beat by Phattest skinny kid alive!

[Break]
Alright, we're gonna break it down for a second, and I'mma catch my breath
And I'mma let Buttafingaz do off on a scratch for a minute
Dude Buttafingaz, when I give it to you; come up with that funkyassdiculous-dope scratch
Go for it

[Verse three]
Yeah, let me show you how the big boys play
Thinkin' 'bout us bust out the back girl on a Wednesday
While I grab the steel and put you through an ordeal
Some miracle 'fore me will feel whose more real
I'mma do best, mom. Look out for the plaque
Start flowin' so much, I'll be in need of a maxipad
It went so fast, my pen undelaney
Do so many torques, my song will be a felony
You ever get to know me, don't corrupt me
Well shit, that's what you get for being clumsy
Get more, steppin' up. Finger the compitition
I got more jerks in my basemint than you do in twitches
Hope you all get played out like Batman
Work like pay dirt and bust by the Fatman
And I take over like a doctor
Boy, I'm on 'em so fast, I swear they make me report this
Who gets whip cream and hard as a calis
That;s to all my lizards(?) He call me Mr.Matthers
With a Soul Intent for destruction
One more hit for the Downstairs Productions

[Outro]
The phattest skinny kid alive!x4
[Intro - Eminem]

[Beatboxing] Yeah, we should do something like that...

[50 Cent]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, b-boom, Shady!

[Eminem]

There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again its the, illest and realest killas
The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's
Not over 'till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners
Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep stickin' those pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next
He's already reconciled with his ex [reversed], a chainsaw and an axe
Jump a bitch's desk, strangle her neck
While we have sex while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the vex, yeah bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect, I never left, baby I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zy automatically
He says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this wack ass rap, kiss my black ass

[50 Cent]

Nah, Em, tell 'em to kiss my black ass, to clean parts, to shitty parts,
My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the Fif'll tell you're ass apart!
A game in this game, crush a motherfuckers free start,
Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch,
Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick,
Teflon wrapped on, case I get clapped on,
D's searching the whip, glad I left the mac home,
Still grindin', still shinin', nigga lord knows,
You rocking wit the kid to spit sicker sick flows,
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it,
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it,
E'eryday Dre day, front and cause a maylay,
Turn the town upside down with a frown upside down,
I smile through summan' fowl, and watch my money pile,
I'm fuckin' with strict stacks, I'm kickin' you stripped fats,
I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back!

[50 Cent (Eminem)]

Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Go 'head, funky funk up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, I hit yo' ass up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!)
Shady, Shady....
[Eminem]
May I have your attention please?
May I have your attention please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here..

Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door
and started whoopin her ass worse than before
they first were divorce, throwin her over furniture (Ahh!)
It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding, 
he didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said... nothing you idiots! 
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
[*vocal turntable: chigga chigga chigga*] 
"Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin around grabbin his you-know-what
Flippin the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though!"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse, than what's goin on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes, I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't
but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They got the Discovery Channel don't they?
"We ain't nothing but mammals.." Well, some of us cannibals
who cut other people open like cantaloupes [*SLURP*]
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
[*EWWW!*] But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes

[Chorus: Eminem (repeat 2X)]

I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

[Eminem]
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell his records;
well I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a Grammy?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why? So you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can, sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
so I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
and hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
You little bitch, put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee!"
I should download her audio on MP3 
and show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD [*AHHH!*]
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups, all you do is annoy me
so I have been sent here to destroy you [*bzzzt*]
And there's a million of us just like me
who cuss like me; who just don't give a fuck like me
who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
and just might be the next best thing but not quite me!

[Chorus]
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

[Eminem]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only givin you 
things you joke about with your friends inside your living room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it
in front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoated at all
I just get on the mic and spit it 
and whether you like to admit it [*ERR*] I just shit it
better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like valiums
It's funny; cause at the rate I'm goin when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursin home flirting
Pinchin nurses asses when I'm jackin off with Jergens
And I'm jerkin but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurkin
He could be workin at Burger King, spittin on your onion rings
[*HACH*] Or in the parkin lot, circling
Screaming "I don't give a fuck!" 
with his windows down and his system up
So, will the real Shady please stand up?
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
and one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

[Chorus 4X]
I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up,
please stand up, please stand up?

[Eminem]
Ha ha
Guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up
[Intro]
Yo
Yo, I'm just gonna write down my first thoughts and see where this takes me. 'Cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now

[Verse]
Yeah, let me explain just how to make greatness
Straight out the gate, I'm 'bout to break you down
Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake I'm 'bout
To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows
If I press the issue just to get the anger out (blllt)
Full magazine could take Staples out
Savage, but ain't thinking 'bout no bank account
But bitch I'm off the chain like Kala Brown
Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I'm talkin', lil' bitch
I'm sorry, wait, what's your talent? Oh, critiquin'
My talent? Oh, bitch, I don't know who the fuck y'all are
To give a sub-par bar or even have an opinion of you
You mention me, millions of views, attention in news
I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you
Billions of views, your ten cents are two
Skim through the music to give shit reviews
To get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse
Don't get misconstrued, business as us'
Shit-list renewed, so get shit to do
Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get 
What the fuck half the shit is that you're listening t-to
Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow
Everyone copies though? Probably no
Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi, yo, adios
I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though
Not even dissin', it just ain't for me
All I am simply is just an emcee
Maybe "Stan" just isn't your cup of tea
Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean
Maybe I need to stir up shit, preferably 
Shake the world up if it were up to me
Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill
I should eat a pill, probably I will
Old me kill the new me, watch him bleed to death
I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath
Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed
Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (evil, but spelled)
Jam a Crest whitestrip in the tip of my dick with an ice pick
Stick it in a vise grip, hang it on a spike fence
Bang it with a pipe wrench
While I take my ballsack and flick it like a light switch
Like vice-president Mike Pence
Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip
These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic
Since nine-tenths of your rhyme is about ice and
Jesus Christ man, how many times is someone 
gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!)
You won't ever see Em icy, but as cold as I get on the M-I-C
I polarize shit so the Thames might freeze
And your skull might split like I passed you upside it
Bitch I got the club on smash like a nightstick (yeah)
Turn down for what? I ain't loud enough
Nah, turn the Valium up!
'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut 
Now when it doesn't matter what caliber I spit at
I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks you'll turn around and just be like
"Man, how the fuck sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album 
sucks and now he wants to take it out on us?" (ooh-ooh)
But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy 
Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study
It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (ooh-ooh)
I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that
I'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry
Especially an effing Recovery clone of me
So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Iggy ‘zae
Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne
I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name
I'm fed up with being humble
And rumor is I'm hungry, I'm sure you heard bumblings
I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach
I heard your mumbling but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo
The era that I'm from will pummel you
That's what it's comin' to
What the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it?
I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two
And dump on you, if you ain't Joyner
If you ain't Kendrick or Cole or Sean then you're a goner
I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it
I guess when you walk into BK, you expect a Whopper
You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonald's
But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival
But y'all are acting like I tried to serve you up a slider
Maybe the vocals shoulda been auto-tuned 
And you woulda bought it
But sayin' I no longer got it 
'Cause you missed the line and never caught it
'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it
'Cause you're mentally retarded but pretend to be the smartest
With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist
And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be, regardless
What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest
Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it
Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic
With a bottle full of malt liquor
But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer
The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom 
If I don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat
And rise to my feet
I don't see why y'all even started with me
I get in beefs, my enemies die
I don't cease fire till at least all are deceased
I'm eastside, never be caught slippin'
Now you see why I don't sleep
Not even a wink, I don't blink
I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats
I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze
"Aw, man! That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage
The Thing ain't even orange
Oh my God, that's a reach!"
Shout to all my colorblind people
Each and everyone of y'all
If you call a fire engine green, aquamarine
Or you think water is pink
"Dawg, that's a date"
"Looks like an olive to me"
"Look, there's an apple"
"No it's not, it's a peach!"
So finger-bang, Pootie Tang, Burger King, 
Gucci Gang, dookie, dang
Charlamagne gonna hate anyway
Doesn't matter what I say
Give me Donkey of the Day
What a way for 2018 to get underway
But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say
Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (yeah)
Invite 'em in like a One A Day
I'm not done (preach)
'Cause I feel like the beast of burden
That line in the sand, was it even worth it?
'Cause the way I see people turning's
Makin' it seem worthless, it's startin' to defeat the purpose
I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds
And I was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word
Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict
Or still yet to be determined?
'Cause I'm determined to be me, critique the worship
But if I could go back, I'd at least reword it
And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent
Sold the dream to that he's deserted
But I think it's workin'
These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous
And he's too scurred to answer me with words
'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered
But I know at least he's heard it
'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service
To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin' him
Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists
I said, "Only when it comes to ink and lyricists."
But my beef is more media journalists
(Hold up, hold up, hold up…)
I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist
Can get a mouthful of flesh
And yes, I mean eating a penis
'Cause they been pannin' my album to death
So I been givin' the media fingers
Don't wanna turn this to a counselling sesh
But they been puttin' me through the wringer
So I ain't ironin' shit out with the press
But I just took this beat to the cleaners
[Eminem talkin'] 
It's all bad now man, it's all bad 
But y'all done fucked up now 
Yeah ha ha, new shit, hey yo 
I just want the whole world to know: 
That I did not start this, but I will finish it 

[Verse] 
Comin' up it never mattered what color you was 
If you could spit then you could spit, that's it, that's what it was 
Back when, motherfuckers was straight back packin' 
Cypherin', fightin' for life in this rap 
for the mic to get past and you psyched and you gasped 
and you hyped 'cause you last and you might whoop some ass 
If you lost then you lost shake hands like a man 
and you swallowed it, when the unsigned hype column 
at The Source was like, the only source of light 
When the mics used to mean somethin, a four was like 
you were the shit, now it's like the least you get 
three and a half now just means you a peice of shit 
four and a half or five, means you Biggie, Jigga, Nas, 
or Benzino, shit I dont think you even realize 
you playin' with motherfuckers' lives, I don't watched Dre 
get fucked on The Chronic, probably cuz I was on it 
Now you fucked me outa my mics twice I let it slide 
I said I wouldn't hold my fuckin breath to get a five 
Shit I was right, I'da fuckin died already tryin' 
I swear to God I never lie I bet thats why 
you let that bitch give me that bullshit review 
I sat and took it, I ain't look at the shit we knew 
You'd probly try to fuck us with Obie and 50 too 
Fuck a relationship we through 
No more Source with street cred, them days is dead 
Dre's got A-Ks to Dave Mase's head 
Every issue there's an eight page Made-Mens spread 
Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head 
That I am not afraid, he's just a fuckin waste of lead 
on my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple 
So listen closely, as I break it down and proceed 
This old Gs bout to get smoked like raw weed 
You dont know me or my motherfuckin mother you motherfuckin punk 
Put me on your fuckin cover to sell your little sell out mag 
I ain't mad, I feel bad, heres an ad, heres a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad 
You wanna talk about some shit that you don't know about? Yeah! 
Let's talk about how you're puttin' you own son out there 
To try to eat off him, 'cause you missed your boat 
You're never gonna float bitch your just too old 
No wonder your sore now, whore, you're bored now 
Im pushin' thirty your kickin' fourty's door down 
Bitch this is war now, and you'll never beat me 
all you do is cheat me out of quatables but you know 
that you'll always see me on your TV 
'cause you gotta stay up 'till three in the morning 
To see your video played once on BET 
So he-he-he who has the last laugh? 
Aftermath yeah so on behalf on our whole staff 
kiss our ass-hole cracks we'll never fold or hold back! 
Just know that Benzinos wack 
no matter how many times I say his name, he'll never blow jack! 
Your better off tryin' to bring R-S-O back! 
Look at your track record that's how far it goes back! 
It's extortion, and now it's a portion! 
So half of the staff up there is fresh 'outta jail from Boston! 
Bullyin' and bossin', gave like a slave they completely brainwashed him 
and forced him to stay locked in his own office! Afraid of the softest, fakest, wannabe gangster in New York! 
And it's pittyful, 'cause I woulda never said shit if you kept your mouth shut! 
Bitch now what? Hit a clue, spit it slay 
New shit, exclusive you're layin in your whoo kid! 
You know what to do with this: use it! 
I'm through, this is stupid, I can't believe I stooped to this bullshit to do this... 

And who you're callin' a bitch? Bitch. You owe me.
The Wild... Gotham
The Wild... West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide...

[Dr. Dre]
All you see is the sun, reflectin' off of the gun
I'm ready for the showdown, that go down at one
Sweat on my brow, let's settle it now
I'm a show you how real cowboys get down
I'm polishin' gold, waitin' for this drama to unfold
I got a blunt rolled
Feelin' bold, gangsters blood runs cold
It's time to reload this old 45 colt
The wind's gusty, it's hot, muggy and dusty
Bust a couple shots, make sure I'm not rusty
It's passed noon, he should be here soon
Sip a little moonshine inside a saloon
All of a sudden I can hear the sound of hoofs
Sounds like a thousand wolves
I cock back, put the toast in the holster and froze
I pose like a poster, he's closer than close
I hold the heat sturdy, I heard he fight's dirty
But I'ma put thirty inside him and leave early
And just when I went to fill him with hot lead
I put the gun to his head, and this is what he said

[Eminem]
You never met me, and you'll probably never see me again
But I know you - the name's Slim - you want revenge?
Then don't shoot, I'm in the same boots as you
I'm tellin' the truth, I got a price on my head too, cause when you...

Chorus: {unknown singer}

You ride like a cowboy toward the sun
And life ain't fun, when you're on the run
Got your gold and you got your gun
But life as an outlaw just begun
Got your shotgun by your side
Got your horse and you got your pride
You ride til there ain't no place to hide
It's sad cause the bad guys always die

[Dr. Dre] + (Eminem)
He was "Shady," I seen by the look on his face
He said take ten paces {shit I took eight}
Spun around and I aimed straight for the brain
My shit went bang but it only fired a blank, he said
(You need bullets, hurry up run!) {*imitating Slick Rick*}
I put a clip in the gun, and pointed at his lungs
We both drew at the same time and stood stunned
(Go ahead, shoot me, but I'm not the one you want)
I figured he was tellin' the truth, that's why I didn't shoot
So what we gon' do, it's on you
(Do you recall when you and Snoop was a group?)
The Chronic!
(Well all we gotta do is find a map to part two)
(And plus I know who's got it)
Who?
(Some old dude, he's got 26 plaques and he already sold two)
Loaded up my saddle, got ready for battle
Hid two pieces of gold inside of my saddle
We rolled two miles until we hit the spot
An old ghost town that everybody forgot
A place where they used to smoke chronic a lot
Slim grabbed the shotgun (Dre here's the plot)

(Eminem)
This is the spot, they call him Doc Loveless
He's goin around sayin he took the game from us
[Let's shoot him in his kneecaps, he'll never see it comin']
But he ain't got no legs, they cut 'em off at the stomach
He's got mechanical legs, he spins webs
Plus he's well respected by the hip-hop heads
Our mission - is to get him to stop layin' eggs
And we can put him on his back down a flight of steps

[Dr. Dre]
I drew two guns, spun them on my fingers
Kicked the swingin' doors in, started gun slinging
I could hear somebody singin' - it sounded like a "G Thang,"
And a verse from "Keep Their Heads Ringin"
I said "It's Dre's Day," and started to spray
Against 1800, he pulls a AK
Hollow tips started flyin' every which way

(Eminem)
That's when I seen Dre in trouble and came with the gauge
I fired the first shot, spun his body around
He hit the ground and landed upside down
Dre grabbed the map, the plaques and the gold
I grabbed two girlies and a blunt that's rolled

Chorus 2x

Always die...
The Wild... Gotham
The Wild... West {*BANG BANG, BANG*}
Ha ha, riiiiide...
Things just ain't the same for psychos
Guns and rifles, sharp knifes, I like those
I might just O.D. by the end of tonight's show
With the right dose I might wipe out this life pole
But, the strangest things can happen from jabbin'
Pregnant women in the abdomen so they can't have children
Bitches get slapped up and drastic ass kicks
Gay-bashin' fags with tire irons and ratchets
I seen 'em come, I've watched 'em go
Versace "Whoa, hey!" Liberace "ho!" (echoes)
I might have bashed of somebody you probably know
Buncha' faggots in your crib screamin' "It's not me! No!"
Drag 'em out the closet and across the floor
When you paid 'em a visit in the hospital
Stab 'em in the fuckin' tonsils with a popsicle
Stick, and sit back and watch 'em choke

Cause every chair that I throw
People sue me for dough
They press charges on me
Till I can’t fight anymore
But every girl that I choke
I got lawyers I know
Who got judges they know
So I suggest you stay home

Ha ha
Son of a bitch "what, what, what, what, what, what"
Slim Shady, album May 23rd
Dr. Dre

(Imitating Dr. Dre)
Damn bitches, I just took some ecstasy
I'm an extraterrestrial lesbian with a...
Ha ha
[Eminem] 
Whatever.. 
Dre, just let it run 
Aiyyo turn the beat up a little bit 
Aiyyo.. this song is for anyone.. fuck it 
Just shut up and listen, aiyyo.. 

I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag 
of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be 
the most meanest MC on this...on this Earth 
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse 
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works 
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve 
all this tension dispensin these sentences 
Gettin this stress that's been eatin me recently off of this chest 
and I rest again peacefully (peacefully).. 
but at least have the decency in you 
to leave me alone, when you freaks see me out 
in the streets when I'm eatin or feedin my daughter 
to not come and speak to me (speak to me).. 
I don't know you and no, 
I don't owe you a mo-therfuck-in thing 
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think 
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick 
if you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty).. 
No patience is in me and if you offend me 
I'm liftin you 10 feet (liftin you 10 feet).. in the air 
I don't care who is there and who saw me just jaw you 
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit 
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe 
I'm tired of all you (of all you).. 
I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me 

Refren: Eminem 

And I am, whatever you say I am 
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news everyday I am 
Radio won't even play my jam 
Cause I am, whatever you say I am 
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news everyday I am 
I don't know it's just the way I am 

[Eminem] 
Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered 
with all of this nonsense it's constant 
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content - 
- the song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses" 
And all of this controversy circles me 
and it seems like the media immediately 
points a finger at me (finger at me).. 
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie 
or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up 
when you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up 
with the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too 
When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school 
and they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn).. and the heroin 
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at 
Middle America, now it's a tragedy 
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class ci-ty 
havin this happenin (this happenin).. 
then attack Eminem cause I rap this way (rap this way).. 
But I'm glad cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire 
to burn and it's burnin and I have returned 

Refren 

[Eminem] 
I'm so sick and tired of bein admired 
that I wish that I would just die or get fired 
and dropped from my label and stop with the fables 
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name is.." 
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation 
to cop me rotation at rock'n'roll stations 
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience).. 
to deal with these cocky caucasians who think 
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black cause I talk 
with an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep askin 
the same fuckin questions (fuckin questions).. 
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in 
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how 
'til I'm grabbin my hair and I'm tearin it out 
cause they drivin me crazy (drivin me crazy).. I can't take it 
I'm racin, I'm pacin, I stand and I sit 
And I'm thankful for ev-ery fan that I get 
But I can't take a SHIT, in the bathroom 
without someone standin by it 
No I won't sign you an autograph 
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad
[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah, you know what? (Loud Pack)
Haters are funny, man (Haha)
It's like, you're gonna hate it no matter what it is
Yet you still click on it (Zombie on the track)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I want you to change, but don't change (Yeah)
I want you to grow up, but don't age
I want the rage, but don't get too angry
I want the new, but old Shady
I want you to say what they won't say (Yeah)
Just don't go too far, but go cray
I want you to almost lose it, man
It keep movin' the goal post, don't they?
Just cut to the chase, like OJ
In his Bronco goin' off the roadway (Skrr)
And get off my dick
If I said my balls were yarn, you bitches would crochet
All I ever wanted was a rope chain
From the day I saw Cool J on soul train
Now I got that, can go 2k
Was one yellow and white gold plated
Just to let 'em know I made it

[Chorus: MAJ]
I told my dawgs we gon' get right in they ear, yeah
Wouldn't call, now dip, go in the Lear, yeah
Still have all these demons comin' for my neck, yeah, yeah
I ain't never comin' down, yeah, yeah
[Verse 2: Eminem]
This pandemic got us in a recession
We need to reopen America (What?)
Black people dyin', they want equal rights
White people wanna get hair cuts (Haha)
Some people protest, some people riot (What?)
But we ain't never escapin' this virus (Nah)
To the cops that are racially biased (What?)
We no longer enable these lies
You get 'em on tape, they stick to a story, like Spider-Man crawin' up side of a wall and
Some are just as unabiding as lawmen (Yeah)
Like Garrett Rolfe and like Derek Chauvin (Yeah)
No cap, still riding with Colin
Though some people don't like me at all and (Yeah)
Some are like bees to flowers (Why?)
'Cause some people find me appalling (Haha)
Ooh, I say a line, people are outraged (Oh no)
The press slams me again (Yeah), the people aren't having it nowadays
Give an album that I put out in like 2000 you griped about praise
But I wake up everyday even more caked up than the makeup on your clown face
And I lay my foundation

[Chorus: MAJ & Eminem]
I told my dawgs we gon' get right in they ear, yeah
Wouldn't call, now dip, gone in the Lear, yeah
Still have all these demons comin' for my neck, yeah, yeah
I ain't never comin' down (Yeah), yeah, yeah
[Verse 3: Eminem]
I got a question (What?)
What rhymes with Pariah? (I don't know)
Mm, uh, LEGO? (Oh shit)
You just bit into the lit end of the wick
Shit, I meant, shit end of the stick
I'm addicted to friction and mischief
It's like your bitch's midriff, shit gets my dick stiff as a stickshift
Dick as in Cheney, trip as in sailing
They bring my name up just to get ratings
It's like trying to choose between Bizzy, Layzie, and Wish against Krayzie
'Cause I got a bone to pick with Slim Shady (Shady)
With Thug (Thug) and Harmony (Yeah)
Who attempt to diss Hailie (Hailie)
Bitch, I will go in like it's raining
And I get cancelled like once a day (Yeah)
Why would I go? It's more fun to stay (Ah)
You get me to leave, it's no fuckin' way
I got a better chance of fuckin' Young M.A. (Ooh)
Ooh, sounds like I'm zoning
So me sayin' I'm out, nice to know me
It's like askin' me where my shin is
It's down right below knee (Haha)
Uh, oh, well we can play hide the salami (Yeah)
If your gal would like to blow me (Yeah)
My wave is like a tsunami (Yeah)
These flows you're still tryna rap your head around like you're a swami (Ha)
Just call me the mic kamikaze with Mike Zombie and I'ma just keep bombing (Woo)
'Cause the game is mine, like an IED (Yeah)
If they ever do cancel me like Live PD
I said I'm takin' some of you with me if I'm leaving (Brr)
It's time to murder you now, sike, leave me
I might knee deep to the fuckin' ice, Z, Z
Rappin' circle around these ho's
Just like gurgles and every word from my mouth so fire
I should be burnt to the ground
There's a fuckin' circus in town, yeah bitch, this verse finna clown ICP
R. Kelly sex tape, I see pee (Woah)
My shit is intense, like tipis
You gettin' wiped, like TP
You don't like me? You can bite my little white wee-wee
And I repeat, you can bite my little white wee-wee long as I like [?]
And ever since my pre-teens, striped Lee jeans and grandma Nan's little black and white TV (Yeah)
Now I'm so bougie that I stick out my pinkie every time I drink tea
Used to want a wife, sweet tea (Sweet tea)
Used to rock wife beaters, now I let your wife beat me (Yeah)
So you can eat shit, but I might be the shit
So when I say "Eat shit," I mean me
(Chorus - Eminem)
There's no need to say shit
You already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it
And when will he stop?
"Shady man, i done told you once homie to ease up!"
But you just won't listen will you, nah, guess not,
You just cant can you, man i can't stand you, you're rotten 
What ya plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up?
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better!

(Verse 1 - Eminem)
Holy Toledo, its Angelina Jolie amigo!
She told me "Yo Shady, just hand your penis to me; i deep throat"
And Brad if you try to stand between us then we gon' see bro
Who was her fantasy, i dont mean to damage your ego
You faggots wanna rassle 
I shove a fucking jar of vaseline up inside your asshole
And rope it shut with a lasso
Couple of crushed Lexapro broken up with a capsule of Paxil
Just in case i aint dope enough with the raps though
Coke is cut with tobacco, smoke it up, then go wacko
This is what happens when you mix a coconut with tobasco
"Shady let go, the hoe has been choked enough, let her ass go!"
Not 'til Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole!
'cause I used to love her hooters, now Carmen Electra's cuter
Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her
I'm off my fucking meds but i'm on an electric scooter
I might just scoot by and shoot my mom in the neck with rugers
Spit in Jason's face while i vomit on Freddy Krueger
They can't even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar
Now ima get the rectal thermometer, get the lubri-
-cation and get the patient some darvocet to chew, 'cause

(Chorus - Eminem)
There's no need to say shit
You already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it
And when will he stop?
(B.O.B)
B.O.B i told you once homie to ease up (jeez!)
There's no need to say shit
You already know
The question is just how far will this go?
Cuz i will never lay down, and i will never let up
(Eminem)
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better!

(verse 2 - B.O.B)
With the soul of the shaman, I lead the beat and vomit
Like a bulimic woman, with an uneasy stomach
I pass by people on the street they seem like sleeping zombies
Stiffer than a therapeutic pair of jeans you run in
So can you hear me coming? Eminem, this beat is absolutely disgusting
It's probably got diseases on it!
I'm just being honest, I can see the comments, 
I can see the evolution as we creep up on it
I put that music in your veins like a needle junkie
Shit i just do this for the haters, I don't need the money
I'm diarrhea on the track, so it needs plunging
Somebody please tell these girls to release my undies (let go!)
Nobody really understands my language
I find it complicated just to hold a conversation
But still i got a whole lot of patience
Sitting back, watching Earth, from my space station

(Chorus - Eminem)
So there's no need to say shit
You already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it
And when will he stop?
"Shady man, i done told you once homie to ease up!"
But you just won't listen will you, nah, guess not,
You just can't can you, man i can't stand you, you're rotten
What ya plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up?
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better!

(Verse 3 - Eminem)
Oh my Gosh, i put Natasha Bedingfield in the washer
Watch her go from rinse to the spin cycle
It's like i got you hypnotised and i forgot you
My God, you're psychologically fucked, Michael'd like an apology, what?
Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt
And glue the seat of his bicycle to his nuts!
I'm as cold as a motherfucking icicle, i'm a nut
I aint nothing nice, man, i like to pull knives and i like to cut
The poster addict for post-traumatic stress,
I guess this is the most dramatic i've been in a while
This is the closest that it's, come to the Marshall Mathers
I can hear 'em start to gather 
I dont paint the portrait of the picture perfect Partridge family 
This aint your orphan Annie, no, this is more uncanny
Kick down Dakota Fanning's front door while the whore was tanning
(He can't say whore!) Of course he can, man, he just saw her fanny
Then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties

(Chorus - Eminem)
There's no need to say shit
You already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it
And when will he stop?
"Shady man, i done told you once homie to ease up!"
But you just won't listen will you, nah, guess not,
You just cant can you, man i can't stand you, you're rotten 
What ya plottin' for us? Man when are you gonna let up?
I guess things are gonna get much worse 'fore they get better!
[Chorus]
There’s no need to say shit, you already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man, I done told you once homie to ease up
But you just won’t listen will ya? Nah, I guess not
You just can’t can ya? Man, I can’t stand ya
You’re rotten, what you plottin’ for us?
Man, when are you gonna let up?
I guess things are gonna get much worse ‘fore they get better

[Verse 1]
Holy Toledo, it’s Angelina Jolie, amigo
She told me "Yo, Shady just hand your penis to me, I’ll deep throat,"
And Brad if you try to stand between us then we’re gonna see, bro
Who was a fantasy, I don’t mean to damage your ego
You faggots wanna 'rassle?
I shove a fucking jar of Vaseline up inside your asshole
And rope it shut with a lasso
Couple of crushed Lexapro broken up with the capsule or Paxil
Just in case I ain't dope enough with the raps, though
Coke is cut with tobacco, smoke it up, then go wacko
This is what happens when you mix a coconut with Tabasco
Shady let go, the ho has been choked enough, let her ass go
Not till Jessica Simpson lets go of the tuna casserole
I used to love her hooters now Carmen Elektra's cuter
Strap an extension cord to her arm and electrocute her
I’m off my fucking meds, but I’m on an electric scooter
I might just scoot by and shoot my mom in the neck with rugers
Spit in Jason's face while I vomit on Freddy Kruegar
They can’t even get Jeffrey Dahmer to pet the cougar
Now I’m gone get the rectal thermometer, get the lubra-
Cation and get the patient some Darvocet to chew cause...

[Chorus]
There’s no need to say shit, you already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man, I done told you once homie to ease up
But you just won’t listen will ya? Nah, I guess not
You just can’t can ya? Man, I can’t stand ya
You’re rotten, what you plottin’ for us?
Man, when are you gonna let up?
I guess things are gonna get much worse ‘fore they get better

[Verse 2]
I guess for him to stop is impossible
He just picked up another prostitute in the parking lot of the hospital
And beats her over the head mercilessly and left her for dead
He thought she was cause otherwise, he would never have left
Miraculously she survived the attack
Even after his accuracy after he hacked the pussy with an ax
What other odds would she be back
He grabbed his encyclopedia off of the top of his fucking CD rack
Hit her with that then he threw her into the TV ah
I'm not playing Rihanna, where'd you get the VD at
Motherfuck the media
I'm reading ya something strictly from me to ya
Straight off the paper and this one's a freebie Jack
Let me add my two cents
Of course I side with Chris Brown
I’d beat a bitch down, too
If she gave my dick an itch, now
It's just ridiculous how
Much this kind of sit-ow-uation can make her stink
How much gangster shit can he dish out

[Chorus]
There’s no need to say shit, you already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man, I done told you once homie to ease up
But you just won’t listen will ya? Nah, I guess not
You just can’t can ya? Man, I can’t stand ya
You’re rotten, what you plottin’ for us?
Man, when are you gonna let up?
I guess things are gonna get much worse ‘fore they get better

[Verse 3]
Oh my gosh I put Natasha Bedingfield in a washer
Watch it go from rinse to spin cycle
It's like I got ya hypnotized and I forgot ya
My God, ya psychologically fucked
Michael would like an apology, what?
Tell that psycho to stick a Tyco truck and a white tricycle up his butt
And glue the seat of bicycle to his nuts
I’m as cold as a muthafucking icicle I'm a nut
I ain't nuttin’ nice, man I like to pull knives and I like to cut
The poster addict for post-traumatic stress
I guess this is the most dramatic I’ve been in a while
This is the closest that it's come to the Marshall Mathers
I can hear him start to gather
I don’t paint the portrait of the picture-perfect Partridge family
This ain't your orphan Annie, no this is more uncanny
Kick down Dakota Fanning's front door while the whore is tanning
"He can’t say whore", of course he can, man he just saw her fanny
Then murdered her while he danced around the room and wore her panties

[Chorus]
There’s no need to say shit, you already know
The question is just how far will this go?
How far will he take it?
And when will he stop?
Shady man, I done told you once homie to ease up
But you just won’t listen will ya? Nah, I guess not
You just can’t can ya? Man, I can’t stand ya
You’re rotten, what you plottin’ for us?
Man, when are you gonna let up?
I guess things are gonna get much worse ‘fore they get better
[Intro: Bizarre & Ed Sheeran]
Damn, girl, with your sexy ass, haha
Let me holla at you
D.A. got that dope
It's one of those kinda nights

[Verse 1: Eminem & Ed Sheeran]
Yes, this beat's takin' me back to my D12 days
When we hit the club to go and hell-raise
Probably end up baggin' the cocktail waitress
And takin' her straight back to the Motel-8
Yeah, Bizarre's tryna get a lap dance
Off a Xanax and Jack Dan' (Ayo)
Stripper walk by, I'm like "Goddamn"
She's like "That's harassment," I'm like "Yeah, and?" (Woo)
Holy Toledo, it's Miss Ohio
That's the best ass I've seen in a while
We should be datin', she's from Cleveland
But she's a bengal, this chick is catty
Is that a mini-skirt if it's a maxi?
That's the shortest thing for a dress since an addy (Since an addy)
She said "Fuck off" and threw her liquor at me
It's one of those kinda nights
Then I said, I said

[Chorus: Ed Sheeran]
If you wanna go hard tonight
Well then, the smoke and the bottle are on me, ah
Slip into the red dress you like
When we arrive, we probably won't leave, ah
I love the way you move like that
When you push your body on mine, oh my
You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sun rise
It's one of those kinda nights

[Verse 2: Eminem]
This beat keeps takin' me back like my ex does
Only 'cause how good the sex was
Hit up the next club, met Alexa
But she was so extra, called her etcetera
Had her like, "Oh my God
My whole iPod's filled with your songs, I mow my lawn to 'em"
I said, "Oh my God, you know my songs?
That's totally awesome, I'm Marshall, what's goin' on? Ah (Haha)
Seriously though, jokes aside, how you doin'? You straight?"
She said, "No, I'm bi"
She said, "Are you drunk?," I said, "No, I'm high
I'm checkin' out the chick," she said, "So am I"
"What's in the cup, let me see that
Girl, where the rest of that promethazine at?"
She said, "Cool, gotta run out to my Cadillac though
And I'll be like Fat Joe, and bring the lean back"
Then I said

[Chorus: Ed Sheeran]
If you wanna go hard tonight
Well then, the smoke and the bottle are on me, ah
Slip into the red dress you like
When we arrive, we probably won't leave, ah
I love the way you move like that
When you push your body on mine, oh my
You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sun rise
It's one of those kinda—

[Verse 3: Eminem]
OMG
Like the gas in the tank, she's gettin' low on me
Said she wants to go with me
I said, "Go with you where?" She said, "Out"
I said, "I'm a candle, I'll go out if you blow on me"
Walk her out to the parkin' lot, here comes the brigade
Turn like a flip page, Swifty look shitfaced
Say peace to McVay and me and this chick take off like a sick day
Drivin' around, I said, "Let's pull over," she said, "No problemo
Windows are dark tint, roll up the car windows"
Monte Carlo in park, bumpin' Bizarre's demo
Gettin' head in the bucket, Marshmello
Yeah, I never in the club met a woman worth knowin'
But if you're ho'in
Opposites attract, I'm someone, you're a no one
I'm high and you're bi, I'm comin', you're goin'

[Chorus: Ed Sheeran]
If you wanna go hard tonight
Well then, the smoke and the bottle are on me, ah
Slip into the red dress you like
When we arrive, we probably won't leave, ah
I love the way you move like that
When you push your body on mine, oh my
You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sun rise
It's one of those kinda nights
Yo yo yo yo yo (this is) 
This is my motherfucking anthem (hip hop) 
To hip hop music (anthem) 
Cause I'm gonna keep doing hip hop music 
until the day that I die (aight bitch) 

Yo I'm into voodoo, tarot cards and ugji boards 
Lighting candles camping out at haunted beach resorts 
I write the dark shit, and rap about perverted violence 
Ghost stories of people murdered on deserted islands 
Dressed in jean shorts, high tops and tube socks 
Holding a rifle, with a life full of drama like Tupac's 
Jumping off roof tops drunk after i do shots 
Landing in someone's backyard getting chewed up by two rotts 
I got a new watch and two rings with huge rocks 
This rap shit got cash coming out the blue like nude cops 
I use to sell pizza's, now i got twelve visa's 
So tell jesus I'm gonna quit sending when hell freezes 

[chorus] 
That's why my brain is out of order 
That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter 
But as the world turns and I keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
Bitch till hell freezes over 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
And as the world turns and i keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over 

Yo I use to be to heavy in that cruising rap shit crap 
I think i fucked my head up listing to acid rap 
I go to party's bumping nasty nas's new song 
And smoke pot till I get high and i stare at shit for too long 
Like this weed is laced aint, it taste tainted 
Your whole place fainted, I woke up with my face painted 
Spaced out like sci-fi t.v 
Fuck ICP buy my cd 
cause while I'm screaming while I'm handing out promo tapes of my debut 
telling bitches let me eat your pussy while I shave you 
Aint no shame in my game I turn the party out 
Making everybody shout for the rapper with potty mouth 

[chorus] 
That's why my brain is out of order 
That's probley why my nights are getting colder and my day seems shorter 
But as the world turns and i keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
Bitch till hell freezes over 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes over 
And as the world turns and i keep growing older 
I be living this hip hop till hell freezes...over 

Uh, uh uh uh uh 
Ah ah ah ah 
Uh uh uh uh 
Ah ah ah ah 
Uh uh uh uh(Dr.dre) 
Ah ah ah ah(Slim shady) (Outsiders)
[Intro]
Cause sometimes you just feel tired.
Feel weak, and when you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
and just pull that shit out of you, and get that motivation to not give up
and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse. 

[Intro background]
Yo left, yo left, yo left, right left
yo left, yo left, yo left right left
yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left
yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left.

[#Verse 1]
Till I collapse I’m spilling these raps as long as you feel em
Till the day that I drop you’ll never say that I’m not killing them
Cause when I am not then I am stop pinning them
And I am not hip-hop and I’m just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when I’m stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hauk venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop. Amoxacilin is just not real
enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
Your coming with me, feel it or not you’re gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics the shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up you bizzles forgot slizzle does not give a fuck

[Refren - NateDogg]
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can’t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out, am i high? Perhaps...
I’ma rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can’t shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out, am i high? Perhaps...
I’ma rip this shit till my bone collapse. 

Verse #2:]
Music is like magic there’s a certain feeling you get when your real
and you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
cause you may never get it again.
So while you’re in it try to get as much shit as you can
and when your run is over just admit when its at its end.
Cause I’m at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list here’s the order of my list that it’s in.
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from Outcast, Jada, Kurupt,
Nas and then me. But in this industry I’m the cause of a lot of envy,
so when I’m not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
That’s why you see me walk around like nothing’s bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucken problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect you’ve got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.

[Chorus - NateDogg]

[Verse #3:]
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MC’s heart
what is he thinking? 
How not to go against me? Smart
And its absurd how people hang on every word.
I’ll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I’ll never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
That’s why I’m clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I’m an addict
I rap like I’m addicted to smack like I’m Kim Mathers.
But I don’t want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bump some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack I’m launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
Cause I don’t really think that the fact that I’m Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if I’m not the baddest.

[Chorus - NateDogg]

[Outro:]
[Eminem & Natedogg Echo:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
give out form underneath me

[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one could beat me.
[Intro: BabyTron & Big Sean]
Shit, fuck, shit
Boy, ha

[Chorus: BabyTron]
Tobey Maguire got bit by a spider, but see, me, it was a goat
If you want space, I hope you take your helmet off soon as you get up to Venus and choke
Even while sleepin', be thinkin' so woke
White Cartiers, all I'm seein' is dope
My city Leia and I'm Obi-Wan, got a mission to pass, I just might be the hope
Tobey Maguire got bit by a spider, but see, me, it was a goat
If you want space, I hope you take your helmet off soon as you get up to Venus and choke
Even while sleepin', be thinkin' so woke
White Cartiers, all I'm seein' is dope
My city Leia and I'm Obi-Wan, got a mission to pass, I just might be the hope

[Verse 1: BabyTron]
No español, I'm allergic to rojo and legally blind, all I'm seein' is go
D to the A, there and back, if we ride with the Drac', can't smoke from the T to the O
Upped in the bitch, you can keep what you owe
Granny told me, "Boy, you reap what you sow"
Do the most, we over, even the score
Steady on the run, glued his feet to the floor
Up in my Tesla, I'm rollin' up 'Ishers, I stopped at Valero, think I should quit smokin'
Life is a gamble and I'm playin' slots, pull it down, close my eyes and I pray I win tokens
All Wock', no pop, how we drive, you can come and take a baby sip, still tasted just potent
One of one, sittin' 'round the stars, double R, finna race, hit the Wraith, like a spaceship it's floatin'
All this drip, think I am below sea level
Cut your own wrist off with that weak bezel
Ride around with the Iron Giant, make 'em eat metal
Watch unc' break a rock down to three pebbles
Bam-bam, down three, hit the grand slam
Four pockets full, fully switched, go wham-wham
Pants cramp, pull it out, I'm countin' 'til my hands cramp
Road DSM on the beach, not a sand stand

[Interlude: Big Sean]
Boy
Ayy, ayy

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
They wanna bleed me and lead me to act like they need me, but fuck it, I do it alone (Woah)
She wanna touch me and rub me and go back to hubby, he probably could smell my cologne (Damn)
I was immersed in the Merce, I show 'em no mercy, I really was watchin' the throne (For real)
Niggas ain't turnin' me down, when my baby asleep only time that I'm watchin' my tone (Shh)
We don't want chips with a chip on our shoulder
If he Obi-Wan, then I gotta be Yoda
Don't need no promoter, we pull up, they know us
I'm the Ayatollah snatching your controller
I don't give a fuck about you when I'm focused
Fuck all the drugs you take, I'm takin' over
I paid attention, don't need no payola
Can't take 'way from me, you just need to take cover (Frr)
I can paint a picture like I made the stencil
Fuck your whole image, I'm with Cole Bennett
I don't know what the fuck they done told niggas
I put all of my heart and my soul in it
I met you in person, you so different
I can't listen to you for a whole minute
Took a blood test, ain't no ho in it
Watch your motherfuckin' mouth 'fore I go in it
They like, "No, he didn't," got 'em more invested
If it's one thing I make, I make no exceptions
I got new addresses, I got no reception
I got love and hate comin' from both directions
Bitch, I come from the D where they BMFing
Where they movin' them keys like a chord progression
Bitch, I'm omnipresent, I got no reflection
Made a livin' off bars, I need no correction (No)
Grindin' shit out, gotta stay patient
While you outside, we on staycation
Locked the fuck in, ain't no playin' for real 'less you playmakin'
I take the chances you hate takin'
Fuck it, dog, I'ma go Wes Craven
I'm at the safe, fuck a safe haven
They play with my name and I can't take it (Lil' bitch)

[Chorus: BabyTron & Eminem]
Tobey Maguire got bit by a spider, but see, me, it was a goat
If you want space, I hope you take your helmet off soon as you get up to Venus and choke
Even while sleepin', be thinkin' so woke
White Cartiers, all I'm seein' is dope (Yeah)
My city Leia and I'm Obi-Wan, got a mission to pass, I just might be the hope

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Tobey Maguire got bit by a spider, me? Must've got bit by a goat (Yeah)
I used to dream as a kid I would grow (Baa)
To be one, I hope that I inspire hope (For what?)
For you to go get what you desire most (Yeah)
Spit fire, bitch, I was just flyin' coach (Yeah)
Y'all thought you was sick, you were misdiagnosed (Nope)
I'm dope and you'll never have this high a dose (Nope, yeah)
Now my estates in the buildin', and bitch, I done slept on more floors than the Empire State ('Pire State) Building
I got so many stories, but I hate ceilings (Haha)
Ain't feelin' your top five favorite rappers (Woo)
So I know they 'bout to be pissed at me (Why?)
But this, to me, is a mystery
How rappers I've already ripped could be (What?)
Higher up on a list than me (Ha)
Yet here I sit on your list though at five (Hm), which still was fine
But just know inside, to me, that shit's hilarious, so when I (Haha)
Get dissed though and by a pioneer
Who was one of the reasons why I am here
They tell me I should just let that shit go and slide (Why?)
"Melle Mel shouldn't get no reply" (Why?)
"That man is a legend," bitch, so am I (Haha, yeah)
And anyone else who thinks it'd be wise and easy as pie
To beat me and tries, can treat me just like poison (What?), they can eat me and die (Hehe)
Middle finger stuck up, but I never conceded
When have I ever retreated? (Never) You never seen it
Every dream that I ever dreamt, I exceeded
Cement my legacy, I definitely did controversy, I always said all I needed
Treat it like a truck, hit it head-on, I meet it (Krrk)
I get on a beat and it's like that "Eye of the Tiger" song is playin' on my head on repeat
I been knocked down so many times, can't count (Ugh)
Sometimes, shit does not pan out
That's just the way that the card hand's dealt
Jon Manzel, odd man out (What?)
But heavyweight, word to Scott Van Pelt
I can't help but feel like a victim of child abuse
'Cause I am 'bout to get that goddamn belt (Now strap, man)
Way beyond crazy, Shady gone, but hey, maybe, I am the GOAT
With Big Sean and BabyTron, and that's why they be on the shit they be on, 'cause (Ugh)

[Chorus: BabyTron]
Tobey Maguire got bit by a spider, but see, me, it was a goat
If you want space, I hope you take your helmet off soon as you get up to Venus and choke
Even while sleepin', be thinkin' so woke
White Cartiers, all I'm seein' is dope
My city Leia and I'm Obi-Wan, got a mission to pass, I just might be the hope
[Intro]
Yeah, I'm sorry (Huh?)
What did you say?
Oh, I can't hear you
I have an ear infucktion and I cunt finger it out (Out), yeah (I need autotune)
Yeah

[Verse 1]
It's my alter ego's fault
These evil thoughts can be so dark
Cerebral palsy, three Zolofts
I eat, doze off to "Rico Suave" (Look it up)
Cadillac with a ladder rack in the back, with a cracked axel, a backpack full of Paxil
A black satchel, a knapsack and a flask full of 'gnac and Jack Daniels
Girl, let's go back, back to my castle (Yeah)
I don't wanna hassle you, Alexandra
But my dick's an acronym 'cause it stands for you (Stands for you, oh)
Wait, Alexandra who? (Damn)
All I know is Friday, I met you (What?)
Saturday, I'll probably forget you
Guess that's what the Molly and X do (What the fuck?)
'Cause who the fuck am I laying next to? (Huh)
But ever sincе D-Nice To Tha Rescue, Fila Frеsh Crew (Uh)
I been a lab rat (Yeah) from a test tube (Uh)
I'm goin' in like the red roof (Red Roof Inn)
You don't like it, eat a cock 'til your jaw breaks (Yeah)
Call it caught between a rock and a hard place
Like a sasquatch in a crawlspace
'Cause you're watchin' your heart race like you're Scarface
In a car chase with the cops or an arcade
Stuck inside of a Mario Kart race duckin' saw blades
At a stop and a start pace
What I'm tryin' to say is I'm drivin' 'em all crazy
[Chorus]
I can't understand a word you say (I'm tone-deaf)
I think this way I prefer to stay (I'm tone-deaf)
I won't stop even when my hair turns grey (I'm tone-deaf)
'Cause they won't stop until they cancel me (Yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2]
I see the rap game, then attack the verses (Uh)
Turn into a graveyard packed with hearses (Yeah)
Just like your funeral, I'm at your service (What?)
Pockets on stuffed like a taxidermist (Woo)
Just landed in Los Angeles when this chick Angela and her grandmother in a tan
Colored van pull up with a hand full of Xans
And a substantial amount of gan' just to ask what my
Grand plans for the night are (Yeah)
I said, "Sneak into the Sleep Inn for the weekend and pretend it's a five-star," yeah
I leap into the deep end of the pool
I can show you where the dives are (Get it?), ha
We don't even gotta drive far
I know this spot that is so live
But I'm tryna get some head first (What?), like a nosedive (Haha)
So many side chicks, can't decide which to slide with and which should I ditch
So when it comes to ass, bitch, I get behind like the Heimlich (Get behind, yeah)
Had one chick who liked to flip sometimes on some switchin' sides shit
Pushed her out, the side kick, then I flipped the lil' white bitch off like a light switch (Bitch)
It's okay not to like my shit
Everything's fine, drink your wine, bitch
And get offline, quit whinin', this is just a rhyme, bitch (Rhyme, bitch)
But ask me will I stick to my guns (Guns) like adhesive tape? (Adhesive tape)
Does Bill Cosby sedate once he treats to cheesecake and a decent steak? (Huh?)
You think gettin' rid of me's a piece of cake?
I'm harder than findin' Harvey Weinstein a date (Damn)
And that's why they say I got more lines than Black Friday
So save that shit for the damn library (Shh)
You heard of Kris Kristofferson? (Yeah)
Well, I am Piss Pissedofferson (Oh)
Paul's askin' for Christmas off again
I said, "No," then I spit this song for him
It goes
[Chorus]
I can't understand a word you say (I'm tone-deaf)
I think this way I prefer to stay (I'm tone-deaf)
I won't stop even when my hair turns grey (I'm tone-deaf)
'Cause they won't stop until they cancel me (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3]
Bitch, I can make "orange" rhyme with "banana" (Yeah)
Bornana
Eating pork rinds, sword fightin' in pajamas
At the crib, playin' Fortnite with your grandma
But I'm more like a four-five with the grammar
'Bout to show you why your five favorite rappers can't touch this
But before I get the hammer
I should warn you, I'm Thor-like in this manner (Thor)
But the day I lose sleep over you critiquin' me or
I ever let you cocksuckers eat at me
I'd need to be a motherfuckin' pizzeria
But you ain't gettin' no cheese from me
I went from Little Caesars, BLTses, grilled cheeses
Bein' dirt poor to filthy rich, I'm still me, bitch
Like a realtor, that's real tea, bitch (Real talk)
Aftermath, bitch, whole camp's lit
We put out fire, Dre stamps it
With my cohorts, hit a bogart
Yeah, got your whole squad yellin', "Oh, God"
Here comes Barshall with no holds barred
Bitch, I'm a hurricane, you're a blowhard
Like your old broad, she full of semen, like the coast guard
And life's been pretty good to me so far (Yeah), for the most part
Had a couple of run-ins with popo, caught
A couple assault charges, got a few priors like crowbars (Priors)
Which is so odd 'cause I'm forty-eight now
That 5-0's startin' to creep up on me like a patrol car (Woo)
I'll be an old fart, but you don't want no part, so, bitch, don't start (Don't start)
Simmer down, compose yourself, Mozart
I ain't went nowhere, call me coleslaw
'Cause I'm out for the cabbage and I'm so raw
And if time is money, you have no clocks
And any folk caught within close proximity's gettin' cold-cocked
My enemies, I'm a chimney, give me the smoke, opps
And R.I.P. to King Von, and it don't stop, and I know not
What the fuck you say? I told y'all, it ain't me, it's my alter ego's fault
But if y'all wanna cancel me, no prob
I'll tell you the same thing I told Paul (Woo)
[Chorus]
I can't understand a word you say (I'm tone-deaf)
I think this way I prefer to stay (I'm tone-deaf)
I won't stop even when my hair turns grey (I'm tone-deaf)
'Cause they won't stop until they cancel me (I'm tone-deaf)
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight

[Verse 1:]
I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carried on my back 
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 2:]
Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright

[Verse 3:]
Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece 
of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting, with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like

[Chorus:]
[Women Singing:]
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)

[Eminem:] 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
[Tonya]
Hey! Hey, stop, hey. Please stop, fuck stop!
Thank God you stopped.
fuck, my fucking on star isn't working,
I left my fucking phone at home!
God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour
I'n soaking wet, freezing
Thank you so much. Really, you're a life-saver
What are you doing?
Fucking! Get away from me! What the FUCK! FUCKIN ASSHOLE!
GET AWAY FROM ME YOU MOTHERFUCKER! GET AWAY!
GET AWAY YOU FUCKIN FREAK! GET AWAY FROM ME!
GODDAMIT FUCK! HELP ME!
[Verse 1: Eminem as Dr. Dre]
My motto is live by the bottle
So why is my supply low, bring in a truckload with a high-low
Stay grounded but I still reach for the sky though
Ghetto idol I think, but what do I know
Shit I know a lot more than I should
The hood stood by me just like I thought it would
Dont act like I'm Hollywood when I probably could
I don't polly, Mohammed Ali of rap, I don't lolly gag
West Coast, the home of the body-bag
The shotty, the Mag Los Angeles, where the party at
You can catch me anywhere where there's Bacardi at
Yeah, Andre is back so have a cardiac
Started back with the black Raiders starter cap
Gangsta rap, we practically fuckin' started that
Everyday with this game I'm gettin' smarter at
Sky's the limit so everytime I get on a track

[Hook: Dr. Dre]
Guns blaze when I shine
Nigga wish quick, no startin' I'm the shootin' kind
Front page all the time
You boys think sick but I ain't got no roof on mine
I drink topless, I live topless
Like my girl is the game with her titties out
I drink topless, I live topless
Sky’s the limit I’m paid to run the city now

[Verse 2: Nas]
Your skin's your travelin' bag of your existence
Yours is shabby and scab while mines glistenin'
Vivid on my skin how many continents I’ve visit then
You could journey with me to different places by listenin'
Shittin' on 'em, ya brother got it covered
We can slug it, knuckle it however you want I love it
A hustler's wit, the grit the grind
My genetic code make-up, murderer by design
On mayan calendar time when night meets day
I’m in a light grey Bugatti like a high-speed chase
Adrenaline like jogger the jump in rope in place
The Muhammad Ali hobbies no pilates tryna keep the ocean by me
Hit a rich man’s wife see what these hoes can buy me
Lookin' forward but it’s nice to see the road behind me
Hotel’s a seven star, baguette's glowin'
Keep your lid yet dawg the private jet boeing topless

[Hook]
Yea this is a song about a trgic ending...... 

Yea i was like 15 when it happend 
by best buddy dave saw it and started clappin 
he said it was good but u need some practice 
it was my 1st freestyle i was rappin 

Now i been hated by many for the skills i possess 
but before i get put to rest im gonna give you the best 
because you bought my shit america is my bitch 
and all my fans can shoot themselves wearin bullet proof vests 
but everybody that thinks other than what they should 
could and would get put under the ground for good 
cuz if you fuck with me and if you fuck with d 
or d.r.e then you gonna feel the pain that was felt by me 
mutha fuckas
[Intro: Skylar Grey]
I'm stumbling, I can’t see straight
And it's my fault I got this way
I got my hands on something great
And found a way to mess it all up
I did my best, I tried to change
But it's just in my DNA
I got my hands on something great
And found a way to fuck it up again
Now I’m the one thing
You couldn't hate more
But you're the one thing
That I would die for

[Verse 1: Eminem]
All my life, I was told
I was never nothing special
I don't need to be reminded of it
Every other second
'Specially when all my self-esteem's
Already shot the hell up
Falling helplessly, I'm embarrased
And I don't want no one else to see
’Cause I feel like I’m a piece of shit
Every time she yells at me
Selfishly indeed
But definitely doesn't help that she
Makes me feel like I’ve died and gone to heaven
But makes life a living hell for me
She does that thing with her lip
Now she's melting me
I'm putty in her palms
I'm wrapped around her finger
A yo-yo on a string
She lets me sit there and just dangle
Until something better comes along
And she’ll just drop me like a hot potato
I look like I'm in pain
But I'm okay, though
'Cause I know she loves me
My friends, what do they know?

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
Drunk off tragic endings

[Verse 2: Eminem]
In my moments of weakness
I openly admit this shit, I wouldn't normally
I'm extremely self-conscious
And enormously
Insecure and she uses it to torture
When she torments me
It only turns to ammunition for her
In this war
When she gets going, she don't stop
When I'm up, she's like a downer
When I found her
It was love at first encounter
Plus, somehow, she must've took the carton
Of eggs off the counter
Cracked them and placed all the shells on the ground
For me to walk on when I'm around her
But there's just something 'bout her
That makes me not able to function without her
How can I get out of it
When I don't know how to?
I'm a doubter, I'm a pessimist
Make a believer out of me
And show me the way now
Or stay the fuck out of my cloud of rain
'Cause I'm going straight down the drain
I'm drowning

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
Drunk off tragic endings

[Bridge: Skylar Grey]
Now I'm the one thing
You couldn't hate more
But you're the one thing
That I would die for

[Verse 3: Eminem]
It took a while for me to get it
But I think I've figured it out
She don't want me, she just don't wanna
See me with someone else
The idea of seeing me happy
Destroys her in itself
To see me falling to pieces
Brings her joy, brings her health
But it annoys her to see me
Get this straight, then say "screw her"
I threw up on myself, I'm dumb sick
I'm addicted to her
She's tryna block the door
So here's how I do her
Since I'm manure, she's a sewer
This time, this piece of shit's running through her
I can see that right now, I'm running to it
What the fuck? Should've knew it
Who would think she'd actually have the balls to do it?
As soon as I hopped in it, she gassed the car with lighter fluid
She's standing there with a rag, 'bout to put the lighter to it
Lit the fucking thing on fire, then she threw it

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
It's like I'm drowning at sea
Hoping that you reach for me
I know you're there but I can't see
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
I'm dying to breathe
And all you do is strangle me
Such a beautiful relief
'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings
Drunk off tragic endings
[Intro-EMINEM]
Big Proof, rest in peace dudey, we love you,
We just wanna keep making you proud, heh...

[PROOF]
My life is trapped in these lines,
Thats why I'm packing these nines,
I got a rap i ain't diein',
Thats in the back of my mind,
Got a strap made of iron,
Cant relax on this grind,
Bending over backwards for these slackers
Til I'm snapping my spine,
Natural high...i gotta focus,
On these bogus pochers,
Looking over my shoulder,
Proof get it poppin like show'd a hold up,

[EMINEM]
WE NOTHING BUT SOLDIERS!!!
[PROOF]
SLOW UP!
[EMINEM]
THIS GUN IS LOADED!!!
[PROOF]
ROLL UP!
[EMINEM]
THEY BEEF 'N WE LEAVING 'EM COKED UP!!!

[PROOF]
If Em say it i spray it,
If he will it i kill it,
We kilpatrick 'n ill it,
Yo Detroit, know i can feel it,
Will at this gun on my waiste-line,
At war we don't waste time,
Blow up magic cant take a punch,
And fifty can take 9, (BLAOW!!),
We got schoolcraft here at the seven-eight and dexter,
I'm up 'n holla spending dollars ain't feeling no pressure,
Yes suh', ya texta' is bitch...
Bet'chya ya flinch when proof shoot up they crew
And wet ya whole clique...
Alright, here, drink this
What is it?
Shut up and drink it
No
I said drink it, bitch
The fuck? The fuck are you tryna do?
Get us cancelled

Ayy, yo
Fuck blind people (What?)
And deaf people suck (Stop)
So do cripples, you dumb quadriplegic fuck
With Christopher Reeve's luck (Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah)
Shady, Jesus, what the fuck?
Oh, here comes Marshall to try to clean this up (Shut up)
What's the matter, Marshall? Your penis tucked?
Aw, the big bad rapper just get his feelings hurt?
Let me go, you bitch
Or what, genius, huh?
You gonna cancel me, yeah? Gen-Z me, bruh?
Little pussy, what's wrong? Thought you was dreaming, huh?
When you gonna realize that we fuckin' need each other?
Eminem: Aite
Fred Durst: Check! Slim Shady, to the mic kid.

(Eminem)
I don't do black music
I don't do white music
I make fight music
For High School kids
I put lives at risk
When I drive like this {screech}
With a slipped disk

From a Limp Bizkit diss
I just missed the gift list for Christmas gifts
So I get pissed and can't pick which wrist to slit
Little rich kids in cribs
Don't attempt this shit
Just step back
While I prep up to pimp this bitch
So I says to the girl, I'm like
"What up girl?"
"Shut up girl!"
And showed her a cut-up squirrel
She screamed bloody murder so loud everybody heard her
Slapped me in the mouth and called me a nutty murderer
I moved on to two blondes
We were kissin' on a futon
{Ay yo baby!}
{What do you want?!}
I looked at 'em both and I was like
"Look, check this out toots, I'm lookin' for cookie puss"
I need to speak to him immediately
They played my video on MTV last week
And just when I was thinkin' I was all that and then some
In comes Fred Durst

(Fred Durst)
Yo Shady let me get some
Who knows what galaxy I came from
One where a bass drum hung from my high chair
Now I'm a nightmare
You stay right there
I got the fever for the flavour of a single
See me and Shady?
I think we got it locked down
Shocked by the sound
I got you cruisin' with your top down
These two blondes
I offered 'em both a drink
And this you would think
Could get the party started
But instead them girls turned their heads
Opened up their mouths
Smelled like somebody farted
So if it's time for me to move on
Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
So turn me loose
I was cuttin' the rug with this chick
Bumped into this dude who was drunk
And a prick
Ramblin' on about how
He was gonna kill me
Wow!
I spilled a drink on his shirt
But no- He insisted we should go
Before I could drop 'em
Shady had to clock 'em
The music stopped
The party stood in shock
So I looked around
Grabbed the cutest girl and did the smurf

Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
Why don't you
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all

(Eminem)
Turn me loose
You better tell 'em to come re-shingle the roof
Just keep feedin' me free drinks till I puke
And Fred'll ask me to lead sing in his group
I'm sittin' at the bar
I'm not bein' approached
Cuz Fred's over there stealin' all of my ho's
{Yo Fred save me some}
I walked up to these siamese twins
And asked to have a threesome
Told 'em two heads are better than one
Plus I respect how y'all roll together as one
Got a slap in the teeth and a kick in the groin
Stood up like "Ay wait, where you goin" {bye!}
Oh well
Three strikes and I'm out
I just struck out for the third time in a row {ouch}
I ain't tryin' no more
Fuck it- I'm chillin'
Get a shot of Jager {ahhh}
Fell asleep on the ceiling

(Fred Durst)
Who knows what galaxy I came from
One where a bass drum hung from my high chair
Now I'm a nightmare
You stay right there
I got the feeling for the flavour of a single
See me and Shady?
I think we got it locked down
Shocked by the sound
I got you cruisin' with your top down
These two blondes
I offered 'em both a drink
And this you would think
Could get the party started
But instead them girls turned their heads
Opened up their mouths
Smelled like somebody farted
So it was time for me to move on
Shady said the livin' room was a dance floor
So turn me loose
I was cuttin' the rug with this chick
Bumped into this dude who was drunk
And a prick
Ramblin' on about how
He was gonna kill me
Wow!
I spilled a drink on his shirt

Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
Why don't you
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
Turn me loose
This party's goin' my way
Or no way at all
[Verse 1: Skylar Grey]
You sit there stone-faced, as if I'm not here
Can't you see that I've been crying?
I didn't know you'd be insane
Dreams can be so deceiving
You're an itch I can't reach
A wound that won't heal
The smell of skin that's burning
I didn't know you'd be insane
But it's true, and just say all I am to you is a

[Pre-Hook: Eminem]
Is a pain in my neck, thorn in my side
Stain on my blade, blood on my knife
Been dreaming of her, all of my life
But she won't come true, she's just my nightmare I woke up to

[Hook: Skylar Grey]
She's twisted, he's a rebel, she's sick, he's hard to handle
The worst part of all is he just don't care
She's twisted like a rope, that is wrapped around his throat
But the worst part of all is she really don't give a... (shit)
(She don't give a shit)

[Verse 2: Skylar Grey and Eminem]
Sometimes I wish that you'd just die
Cause I'm too afraid of leaving
I didn't know you'd be insane
Dreams can be so deceiving
(How did it come to this?
Why do I fantasize to kill you when you're sleeping?)
I didn't know you feel the same
When I say you're no good
All you are to me

[Pre-Hook] + [Hook]

[Verse 3: Yelawolf]
Love ain't no fairytale, love is a buried nail
Inside of this heart of stone, so you wanna get married? Well
Romeo, Romeo, smokin' blow with Antonio
In the back alley takin' shots of whiskey and only gold
Juliet's at the nudie bar, doin' God only knows
Neither one of 'em came to see the dog and the pony show
But a bitch is a bitch, and a horse is a horse, ain't it?
I'm sorry I can't afford to get your daddy's old Porsche painted
Sorry Juliet that you embedded the sayin'
If a dollar makes you holler then I'm gettin' the short change of it
Feel like I've been asleepin' alone and lovin' this angel
Entangled between a dream and a coma
Walkin' the edge of this cliff, like a sheep to it's owner
Then wake up to this fuckin' bitch with an evil persona
Now if you say that you hate somebody and you livin' with them
Then they pack up and leave and then you bitch about how you miss 'em
You gotta see the pattern of the blood all over the steerin' wheel
Love is a cannibal ridin' a carnival carousel
'Round and 'round we roll, where it stops, baby nobody knows
Some people go crazy and they lose control
Some people jump off, some people won't let go
Some people say ''love'', some people say ''why?''
Some people don't love, they just want a free ride
The rain won't stop, it'll never dry
If she's in the house of pain then love is standin' outside

[Hook]

[Outro]
Maybe I'm a twisted one that screwing this up
So i guess this means Goodbye, for now
Two Of You 
(Track 12 on "Rotator") 

Why tell me why 
There's a river to cry tonight 
Oh why 
Try don't you try 
You can never deny what's right 
Don't you try 

Look at me 
Caught 
In your mystery 
I'm giving twice the feeling 
And I'm not receiving 
Now my head is turning 
And my eyes are burning 
It's the truth I'm learning 
What am I to do 
With two of you 

Why tell me why 
There's a river to cry tonight 
Oh why 
Try don't you try 
You can never deny what's right 
Don't you try 

I can see 
You made a fool of me 
And you've been double dealing 
This is so revealing 
Which of you is Mary 
I can't tell it can't be 
You've both been deceiving 
What am I to do 
With two of you
Slim mother fuckin shady… alright 
Missy elliot, Timbo, c'mon, yo 

I'm homicidal, and suicidal, with no friends 
Holdin' a gun with no handles, just a barrel at both ends 
Sprayin' techs at you 
Untill you see the fuckin legs full of bullets holes and the exit wounds layin next to you. 
Fuckin' mad dog, foamin' out the mouth 
Fuck mouth, my whole house is foamin' out the couch 
Jumped outta a 93 floor of a buildin' 
And shot every window out on the way to the ground (keep filmin') 
Woke up to a hospital staff 
Got up and laughed 
Chopped 'em in half 
And sufficated your oxygen mask 
If I get any higher I'm a get the east and west beefin again 
Fly back to detroit and stand in the cross-fire 

(Ken Kaniff's voice) oh fuck… oh shit 
I got the hotel room ready 
What time are you gettin off... work 
Or shall I say 
What time are you comin' over 

Yo, yo, I'm only smilin when I'm violent, 
Got on the plane wylin', 
Told the piolet to fly me to tylenol Island 
Stewardess like "you restless?" 
"No bitch, im rest-Full, so hold this fuckin jet still so i can eat this pretzels" 
Forget school, 
The other kids are disrespectfull, 
They hold me down and play connect-the-dots with my freckles 
I can't take it 
I'm tryin to gain weight, 
So i eat steak 
And swallow the whole plate 
And weigh myself, naked 
And put out albulms 
To teach kids family values 
Cuz every mom and dad should allo you to pop vaiulums 
And never hit sum 1 unless you got a reason 
And if there ain't a reason 
Make 1 up and just start swingin'
[Intro: Young M.A & Eminem]
Oh, this what we doin'? Alright
Amen

[Verse 1: Young M.A]
I like a bitch that like to wobble, wobble
Shake it, shake it, break it, break it
Nigga, we made it, made it, they hate it, hate it
Pro professional, pure persistent, I'm paper chasing
I hate complaining, I hated waiting, I'll pay for patience
But I hate to pay a bill (Hate that)
And I made a mil without a major deal (I made that)
Yeah, her ass fake, but she came for real (She came, uh)
Money ain't a thing, that ain't a thing for real
It's the broke lingo (Huh)
And no, ain't nothing Saweetie, this is no Quavo (Migo)
Man, I just get high, let my hoes lay low (Ooh)
I just want some face but this is no facial (Ooh)
Do right and kill er'body, Drake mode (Hello)
Bitch, I'm tryna eat out, take your plate mode (Hello)
Disrespect your life and I'm in gang mode (Grrr)
You can leave this earth, bitch, I'm in rake mode (Huh)
I'm in cake mode (Huh), I'm in brave mode, uh
What up Marshall? I'm a martian, I'm in Wayne mode (Facts)
Neck wet, big drip, I'm in rain mode (Drip, drip, drip)
Eight niggas, eight hittas, take eight souls (Brrr)
Collect pesos (Huh), and I'm paid, so? (Paid)
Self-made goals (Hey)
When the pain leaves (Huh)
Where does the pain go? (Where?)
Tip of the backwood is where the flame goes (There)
To the sky is where my brain goes (Wow)
Same pack, same fiend, sellin' the same clothes (Wow)
Pinocchio and my pistol, they got the same nose
Me and my niggas gotta eat, we share the same stove (What?)
Case closed, bodies in my lane, bitch, lane closed

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Game over, Thanos on you H-O's
On my petty shit but I don't paint toes (Yeah)
Get the plunger (Plunger) 'cause Marshall and M.A go plum crazy
Call us liquid plumber, 'cause even Dre know (Dre know)
Beat knocks like a beefed up Detox, you're gonna need three SWATs
A police officer's at least cuffing me up for evading and I don’t stop
Please dawg, I need y'all to keep talking shit 'cause I feed off of it
I am the complete opposite of these retards who spit these weak bars, I'ma leave carnage
Each thought'll be so toxic, it'll block the wind through your esophagus
Stop it, cutting off your oxygen
And I hit them pads like a boxing gym
Better watch for Slim, better get to popping when I'm at the top again
I won't topple, I'm giving it to anyone who wanna come and get it and I'm not gonna stop
But when they ask me is the war finished with MGK? Of course it is
I cleansed him of his mortal sins, I'm God and the Lord forgives even the devil worshippers
I'm moving on but you know your scruples are gone when you're born with Lucifer's horns
And you're from the school of Notorious, Puba, Cube and The Poor Righteous Teachers tutored my students
Showed them all the blueprint and formula
But it seems like the more they studied my music, the more they remind me of eyeballs
I'm watching my pupils get cornier (Uh)
But I'm contemplating yelling "Bombs away" on the game
Like I'm outside of an Ariana Grande concert waiting

[Chorus: Eminem]
Here comes Saddam Hussein, Ayatollah Khomeini
Where's Osama been? I been laden lately
Look at how I'm behaving, they want me gone away
They wanna JonBenet me (Fuck you), I'm unaccommodating
Man, I don't see why they hate me
I'm a clown like John Wayne Gacy
They call me Kanye crazy
APESHIT, Beyonce, Jay-Z
And I'm back with Andre, baby
And the doctor's operating
But he never put no scrubs on from Snoop kid out to Shady

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Shady like a shadow or your silhouette, intellect, I better check to see why you feel upset
'Cause I met your bitch on the internet now I'm getting head like a Pillow Pet
That bimbo Kim put her lips all the way around this bone and then blow
Like a dusty cartridge from an old Nintendo
Those were the days but I bet you, I'm never gonna be broke again, no
I don't smoke but I got paper, to be blunt, I'm rolling Indo
And I keep it one comma, zero, zero, zero, zero
Real, real, real, murder, murder, murder, kill, kill, kill
Nickle-plated, twenty two, two, two
Bitch, shut the fuck up 'fore I shoot you too
Ain't shit I won't do just to get a few YouTube views
Run up in a church like pew, pew, pew
'Cause that's what I do, do, do
But, even to the untrained human eye
We ain't the same, you and I
Somebody should have explained to you why
For you to go against me, it's simply insane, you will die (Yeah)
That's why they call me Kamikaze, it's plain suicide, yeah
But I know magic and here go my last trick
I'm 'bout to say "Abracadabra" and pull a B Rabbit up out of my hat
I'm about to relapse and I betcha that you won't know how to react
But a look of disgust, I don't doubt it'd be that
As I begin to fuckin' devour the track
And you backpedal that as a cowardly act
Like a Saudi attack when the towers collapse

[Chorus: Eminem]
Here comes Saddam Hussein, Ayatollah Khomeini
Where's Osama been? I been laden lately
Look at how I'm behaving me, they want me gone away
They wanna JonBenet me (Fuck you), I'm unaccommodating
[Eminem] 
Translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick - ha ha!
Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him
I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin
[Swifty] Bitch it's too late
[Eminem] Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains

[Swifty]
I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator
Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it (uh-huh) for havin blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face [*BLAM*]
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say, "Forgive me"
I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin, I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets
Chillin in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight

[Chorus: Eminem]

So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick

[Bizarre]
I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. [*needle pops*]
Lettin the record skip.. [*needle pops*]
Lettin the record skip.. [*needle pops*] (Damn!)
[*DJ reverses the record and scratches it back on beat*]
I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
[*dog whines*] Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom

[Proof]
Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin [*gun cocks*] nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked
and found chopped up in a trash bag

[Kuniva]
We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell
cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cuz I'm a "Luni"
I got a "Yukmouth" and it's polluted
I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin "Kuniva yo yo.."
I leave ya face leakin, run up in church 
and smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon

[Kon Artis]
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb
(Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick
D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid
Swifty McVeigh
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha, and Slim Shady..
[Intro]
A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit, I don't know but I do know I'm back now

[Hook]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
No where to run, to run to now
I disappeared, you wonder how
Looking for me? I'm underground

[Verse 1]
Dre, I'm down here, under the ground, dig me up
Broken tibias, fibias, yeah, fix me up
60 sluts, all of them dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of Oxy pads
Enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab
Wack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match
(He can't say that!) Yes he can, I just did, faggot
Now guess again, better text message your next-of-kin
Tell 'em shit's about to get extra messy, especially when I flex again
And throw a fuckin' lesbian in wet cement
Faggoty, faggoty, faggoty, Raggedy Ann and Andy
No! Raggedy Andy and Andy; no, it can't be, it can't be
Yes, it can be, the fucking Anti-Christ is back, Dante
It's Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville calamity, goddamn it
Insanity pills, fanny pack filled with Xannies
Through every nook and cranny lookin' for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk negligee, looky
Razor-ba-lades with me to make you ba-leed
Cases of Maybelline makeup lay on a table of weed
"Slim Shady? Shit sounds like a fable to me"
'til he jumps out of the fuckin' toilet when you're taking a pee!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
6 semen samples, 17 strands of hair
Found in the back of a van after the shoot with Vanity Fair
Hannah Montana, prepare to elope with a can-opener
And be cut open like cantaloupe and canopy beds
And Glad bags, yeah, glad to be back
Cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack-dab in rehab
Fuckin' doctor, I didn't understand a damn word he said
I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Biting into a fuckin' Vicodin like I'm a Viking
Oh, lightning is striking, it might be a fuckin' sign, I need a psychic
Evaluation, Fuck Jason, it's Friday the 19th!
That means it's just a regular day
And this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missin' both legs and begging to stay

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Tell the critics I'm back and comin' to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions, then split a bag of Funyons
Mad at me? Understandable, cannibal, shoot an animal
Out of a cannon and have 'em catapult at an adult
Captain of a cult, with an elite following
To turn Halloween back into a trick-or-treat holiday
Have Michael Myers lookin' like a liar, swipe his power
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with a 40
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lector a fuckin' nectarine and sat him
In the fuckin' fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm street with a fucking whiffle bat drew
Fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands, too
Came out with a little scratch, ew
Lookin' like I got in a fuckin' pillow fight with a triple-fat goose
Insanity, can it be vanity? Where is the humanity
In having a twisted fantasy with an arm-and-leg amputee?
Straitjacket with a hundred eight brackets
With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it
Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to
Get it? Headed off to? Medic, this headache's awful
This anesthetic's pathetic, so's this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco

[Outro]
- So, it wasn't a choice, it was I had to do this
And now I'm 90 days clean and uh, that's all I have to share
Thanks
- Thanks for sharing Brian, is there anyone else who would like to share this evening?
- Yeah I got something I want to share:
When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here baby boy, just come here to me
You're a cock boy, everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So homie lay down down down, lay down down down
Lay down down down, lay down lay down
Where's everybody going? This always went over real big in gay a
Ok wait, I got another one
I just love condoms and lots of cum, no? Oh, shit
[Intro]
Hands up, officer don’t shoot
Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot
We may never understand each other, it’s no use
We ain’t ever gonna grasp what each other goes through

[Verse 1]
Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you
Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you
Pull up on the side of you
Window rolled down, 'profile'
Then we wonder why we see this side of you
Probably comin' from the dope house
We could let you slide but your tail light is blew, out
We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum
On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you
And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true
Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it
In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you
Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do?
I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin'
No matter how many lives you ruin
It's for the red, white and blue
Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two
No one's ever indicted you
Why? 'Cause you're a...


[Chorus: Eminem & (Cheech and Chong)]
White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
(My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live)
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
(But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve)
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
(The world's coming to an end, I don't even care)
Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a (big rockstar)

[Verse 2]
Black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and
We don't care what our government's done to fuck you over, man
Don't tell us your attitude's a result of that
Balderdash, where’d you get the chip on your shoulder at?
Why you kicking that soda can?
Pull your pants up, we 'bout to roll up and
Throw your ass in the van cuffed
You don't have to know our plans or what our intentions are
Our cards are close to our chest, you better show your hands
And put our minds more at ease
Or get shot in the thyroid, comply or die, boy
We're fightin' a crime war, here come the swine
Tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities
That's what we call 'em pigsties for
They're like eyesores to police
Talk to you like just a piece of trash
Feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me
As I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions
As this beat backspins, it's like we're drifting back in
To the sixties, having black skin is risky
'Cause this keeps happening
Throughout history, African-Americans have been treated like shit
And I admit, there have been times where it's been embarrassin' to be a...


[Chorus: Eminem & (Cheech and Chong)]
White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar
(My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live)
White boy, white boy, in your cop car
(But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve)
White boy, white boy, you're untouchable
(The world's coming to an end, I don't even care)
Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a (big rockstar)

Pt. II

[Verse 3]
Seems like the average lifespan of a white man
Is more than twice than a black life span
I wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner
I feel like checking out on life, can't escape this circumstance
I'd rather hear 'em say "Die N-word" than Die Antwoord
Ninja, now it's better disguised banter
But that's life, strapped 'cause we're strapped financially
And can't find answers
We're applying, but McDonald's
Seems to be the only franchise that'll hire
So how can we have higher standards?
As Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter
We fight back with violence but acts like that are
Black eyes on the movement
Which makes black lives madder
At cops and cops madder
That's why it's at a stalemate
Can't arrive at a compromise so it's Black Ops
I wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops
The block is our backyards, officers, not the crack spot
Call the attack dogs off of us, man
You always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop
And bad cops fuck it up for the good cops, and man, stop
Sendin' white cops in the black neighborhoods
Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it
Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns
And know nobody black so they act afraid of us
And that's racism, the fear that a black face gives 'em
A subconscious racist
Wait, why are there black neighborhoods?
'Cause America segregated us, designated us to an area
Separated us, Section-Eight'd us
When we tear it up’s the only time attention’s paid to us
And education sucks, and every day's another
Freddie Gray for us, a levy breaks or fuzz
Why is it they treat us like dryer lint?
We just want a safe environment for our kids
But can’t escape the sirens
Don’t take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in
The poverty that we face so the crime rate’s the highest in
The lowest classes, it's like a razor wire fence
And we’re trapped in these racial biases
That plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise
Every time we see a devil’s face
Lions, tigers, and bears, oh my
It's more like billy clubs and gats
And we really love it when you think we’re guilty ‘cause we’re black
"But you kill each other, facts
You peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats”
Single mother strugglin’ through substance abuse
While people with nothin' to lose shoot each other for shoes
Fuck your Republican views
Pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, where the fuck are the boots?
And streets act as a narrator, don't gotta read comics
Or be that into characters, just to see that, just to be black
You better be strapped with a derringer
Or be “capped in America” like Steve Rogers
'Cause no one oversees these cops and
All we see is 'em beat charges
We done seen 'em beat Rodney King unconscious, and got off
So we don't need all you crooked police officers' peace offerings
Just keep marchin', 'til we reach congress
But they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance
If you try to slander the flag but
Somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb
So they call it a Kaepernick tantrum
If you don't stand for the national anthem
We raise it, you better praise it
Or you'll be made to feel like a traitor, we'll
Treat you like Rodney Dangerfield
Home of the brave is still racist 'ville
So this whole nation feels like a plantation field
In a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals
That had its Natives killed
Got you singin' this star-spangled spiel
To a piece of cloth that represents the "Land of the Free" that made people slaves to build
[Intro]
I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed
When the world gives you a raw deal
Sets you off 'til you scream, "Piss off! Screw you!"
When it talks to you like you don't belong
Or tells you you're in the wrong field
When something's in your mitochondrial
'Cause it latched on to you, like—

[Verse 1]
Knock knock, let the devil in
Manevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
This medicine's screamin', "L-L-L-Let us in!"
L-L-L-Like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe
Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago
Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin'
Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent
Of elephant manure—hell, I meant Kahlúa
Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants
And blew up my-my-myself again
Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin
Mayo and went from Hellmann's and being rail thin
Filet-o-Fish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik
How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida
Proof's room slept on the floor of 'da motel then
Dr. Dre said, "Hell yeah!"
And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man
And I know they're gonna hate
But I don't care, I barely can wait
To hit 'em with the snare and the bass
Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced
Because they're gonna taste my—

[Chorus]
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

[Verse 2]
I said knock knock, let the devil in
Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen
Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one
It-it's evident I'm not done
V-Venomous, the thoughts spun
Like a web and you just caught in 'em
Held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap
Beat strangler attack
So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap
Eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track
Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick
Threw the car into reverse at the Indy, a nut crashin'
Into ya, the back of it just mangled steel
My Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill
With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin
Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi (Gandhi)
Translation, I will probably kill us both
When I end up backin' into ya
You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to ya
When you're bit with the—

[Chorus]
Venom, adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)

[Verse 3]
I said knock knock, let the devil in
Alien, E-E-Elliott phone home
Ain't no telling when this chokehold
On this game will end, I'm loco
Became a Symbiote, so
My fangs are in your throat, ho
You're snake-bitten with my—venom
With the ballpoint pen I'm
Gun cocked, bump stock, double-aught, buckshot
Tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots
Fired up and caught fire, juggernaut
Punk rock, bitch, it's goin' down like Yung Joc
'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock
Why the fuck not, you only get one shot
Ate shit 'til I can't taste it
Chased it with straight liquor
Then paint thinner, then drank 'til I faint
And awake with a headache
And I take anything in rectangular shape
Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to
'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you
So escapin' me is impossible
I latch onto you like a—parasite
And I probably ruined your parents' life
And your childhood too
'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on
I'm responsible for you retarded fools
I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to
You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you
And I'm the suit, so call me—

[Chorus]
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum
And I'm not knowin' when I'm
Ever gonna slow up and I'm
Ready to snap any moment I'm
Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em
They ain't gonna know what hit 'em
(W-W-When they get bit with the—)
{*old school hip-hop beat tune plays in the background like a radio station*}

[Proof]
Yeah soul intent, checking it number one baby this week
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is MC Proof

[Head]
And DJ Head

[Proof]
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ay yo we got the number one requested song, of the DAY coming up next.
It's a local thing wants retilin'
It goes by the name of Eminem
And it's called "It's OK"
[Intro]
Yeah! Oh! Get Up! I said get up! Let's go! 
Better watch out, now
Here we come (come)
And we ain't stoppin' until
We see the mornin' sun (sun)
So give us room to do our thing
Cuz we ain't come to hurt no one (one)
So everybody come on get up on the floor
Right now and grab someone (one)

[1st verse]

Now first of all I'm the boss
I just wanna get that across
Man even my Dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto likes it's a Porsche
Garbage bag on one of the windows
Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here come on get him
If you dames want 'em
But he ain't stupid so quit tryin' to run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin' to put your claims on him?
Cuz you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now could I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right up off her ass, man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now, get up, dance! 

[Chorus]

Now you can do this on your own 
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody! 
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party! 
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better akse somebody
Cuz we're havin' a White Trash Party! 

[2nd Verse]

Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow I'll prolly still be too high to get outta bed
Til I feel like I been hit wit the sharp part'a the hammer
Mixin' Hennessey and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot to kill like I'm hollerin' "Die Santa!"
Miss the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryin' ta play the wall like you pawlin' 
Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
Cuz as soon as they throw on some R-Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for them ladies in the mini's
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north, east and west, but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it, cuz homie that hood's tighter then Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy
C'mon

[Chorus]

Now you can do this on your own 
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody! 
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party! 
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better akse somebody
Cuz we're havin' a White Trash Party! 

[3rd Verse]

Now whether you're black, white or purple 
If you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck
You weren't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good
Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood
Now honey, don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
Cuz girl I got a sick whip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and
Make a five seater 
I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece 'a dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground
And flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell ya now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw
You feel me, yall? 
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up! 

[Chorus]

Now you can do this on your own 
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody! 
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party! 
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better akse somebody
Cuz we're havin' a White Trash Party!
[Chorus: Beyoncé]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes (fuck)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Why are expectations so high? Is it the bar I set?
My arms, I stretch, but I can't reach
A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as
Soon as I grab, squeeze
I lose my grip like the flying trapeze
Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackening
I know the mark's high
Butterflies rip apart my stomach
Knowing that no matter what bars I come with
You're gonna harp, gripe, and
That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these
As pressure increases like khakis
I feel the ice cracking, because—

[Chorus: Beyoncé]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water (shit)
But only when it freezes

[Verse 2: Eminem]
It's the curse of the standard
That the first of the Mathers disc set
Always in search of the verse that I haven't spit yet
Will this step just be another misstep, to tarnish
Whatever the legacy, love or respect I've garnered?
The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless
And it always feels like I'm hittin' the mark
'Til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart
Like, "This shit is garbage!"
God's given me all this, still I feel no different regardless
Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded
If only they knew, it's a facade and it's exhaustive
And I try to not listen to nonsense
But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence
Mission accomplished
I'm not God-sent, Nas, Rakim, Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith
And I'm not Prince, so…

[Chorus: Beyoncé]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes

[Post-Chorus: Beyoncé]
'Cause I'm only human, just like you
Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh

[Verse 3: Eminem]
It's true, I'm a Rubik's—a beautiful mess
At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest
A flawed human, I guess
But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your ex–
pectations and meet 'em, but first
The "Speedom" verse, now Big Sean
He's going too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom?
There was a time I had the world by the balls, eating out my palm
Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on
And now I'm gettin' clowned and frowned on
But the only one who's looking down on
Me that matters now's DeShaun
Am I lucky to be around this long?
Begs the question though
Especially after the methadone
As yesterday fades and the Dresden home
Is burnt to the ground, and all that's left of my house is lawn
The crowds are gone
And it's time to wash out the blonde
Sales decline, the curtains drawn
They're closing the set, I'm still poking my head from out behind
And everyone who has doubt, remind
Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times
Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares or gives a fuck about your rhymes
And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine
'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight
When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine?
But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine
I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine
But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause—

[Chorus: Beyoncé]
I walk on water
But I ain't no Jesus
I walk on water
But only when it freezes

[Post-Chorus: Beyoncé]
'Cause I'm only human, just like you
I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew
I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do
'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh
If I walked on water, I would drown

[Outro: Eminem]
'Cause I'm just a man
But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike
So me and you are not alike
Bitch, I wrote "Stan"
Only reason I dissed you in the first place is because you denied seeing me...Now I'm pissed off
Sit back homie relax, in fact grab a six pack,
Kick back as I kick facts, yeah Dre's sick track,
Perfect way to get back, wanna hear something wick wack?
I got the same exact tattoo that's on Nick's back
I'm obsessed now, oh gee, 
Is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee?
Wow Mariah, I didn't expect her to go balls out,
Bitch, shut the fuck up before I put all them phone calls out,
You made to my house when you was wild n out before Nick,
When you was on my dick and give you something to smile about
How many times you fly to my house? Still trying to count
Better shut your lying mouth if you don't want Nick finding out
You probably think since it's been so long if i had something on you I woulda did it by now
On the contrary, Mary Poppins, I'm mixing our studio session down and sending it to mastering to make it loud
Enough dirt on you to murder you
This is what the fu*ck I do
Mariah, it ever occurs to you that I still have pictures?
However you prefer to do and goes for you too, Nick, you got
You think I'm scared of you?
You gonna ruin my career you better get one
Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt who made me put up with her psycho ass over 6 months and only spread her legs to let me hit once
Yeah, what you gonna say? I'm lucky? Tell the public that I was so ugly that you had to be drunk to fuck me?
Second base? What the fu*ck you tell Nick, punk?
In the second week we was dry humping. It's gotta count for something.
Listen, girly. Surely you don't want me to talk about how I nutted early cos ejaculated early and bus all over your belly, and you almost started hurling and said I was gross, go get a towel you're stomachs curling. Or maybe you do.
But if I'm embarrassing me, I'm embarrassing you and don't you dare say it isn't true.
As long as the song's getting airplay I'm dissing you.
I'm a hair away from getting carried away and getting sued.
I was gonna stop at 16. That was 32. This is 34 bars. We ain't even a third of the way through.
Damn, Slim. Mariah played you. Mariah who?
Oh did I say ''whore'', Nick? I meant a liar too.
Like I've been going off on you all this time for no reason.
Girl you out ya alcoholic mind. Check ya wine cellar. Look at the amounts of all the wine.
Like I fucking sit around and think about you all the time.
I just think this is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme.
But it now I'm about to draw the line.
And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb.
I can describe areas of your house that you wouldn't find on an episode of Cribs
A blubber load ribs I hear another word so don't go opening your jibs cos every time you do it's just another load of fibs
I ain't saying this shit again, ho. You know what it is.
It's a warning shot for before I blow up ya whole spot
Call my bluff and I'll release every fucking thing I got
Including the voice-mails right before you flipped your top
When me and Luis were trying' to stick two CD's in the same spot
(Slim Shady ??? I love you)
I love you too
Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear, boo. Now what you say?
(It's nothing)
Guess what I'll do?
I'll refresh your memory when you said ''I want you''
Now should I keep going or should we call truce?
(You think you're cute, right? Hahaha)
You bet your sweet ass, I do
(I'm Mary Poppins, b)
And I'm Superman, mmm
(Mary P. Slim Shady)
Comin' at you
So if you'll still be my (baby girl)
Then I'll still be your (Superhero, Wilma M.)
Yeah, I'm right here
(You like this)
Nope. Not anymore, Dear.
It cuts like a (knife) when I tell ya get a (life)
But I'm moving on with mine, Nick, is that your (wife)
Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone
If she don't (sing this script?) then I'ma just keep going, damn.
(I see Mary Ann. Mary Ann's saying ''cut the tape, cut the tape''. Knife!)
By bookmat

I don’t think you understand
That what you’re doing is not so cool
You think it’s funny to mess with my mind
Don’t you

You know I like you so you just tease me
You give me just enough to hang on enough
When you’re just wasting my time
You’re simply wasting my time
So quit wasting my time

Do you hear me when I say
So let me ask you something
Do you think I’m pretty or don’t you
Do you wanna get with me or not and nowwww

Or are you just wasting my time
You’re simply wasting my time
So quit wasting my time
And what would you’ve got to say
Well things have got to change
Say this just isn’t right
I don’t wanna have to fight
And I think I’d better go
Cause this ain’t working out any more
And I’m sorry, sorry, sorry

Understand
That what you did
Was just not so cool
Baby, you’re just not that cool
Verse One (Thirstin Howl): 
I hit harder 
than Forman 
landing both both gloves to a low blow 
with no cup 
leave you Speech-less like when Arrested Development broke up 
carry a crow bar for egos that won't budge 
crack skulls 
through helmets 
with the penetration of a screw nailed in 
return like I was sending self addressed postage 
throw bricks the size of the Stonehenge 
before battles, we pour blood 
and toast, death to wicked infants 
found on the sorceress' doorsteps 
slaughter lamb 
and boar's head 
every MC's cause of boredness 
and mind bondage 
bronchitis, lung failure 
language unfam-i-liar 
art through a flooded air brush 
??? leave craft 
sentences joined with words holding hands 
it's a tight squeeze 
from where your head will be landing 
in exact time flight leaves 

Verse Two (Eminem): 
Who's arm is this? 
I must have cut it off at the pharmacist 
and refused to resume my severed prescription of ??? 
I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets 
and never leaves his house 'cause he thinks his car's possessed 
I hate my life 
that's why I degrade my wife 
grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich 
and just ate the knife 
my mother's screaming 'please heal him, take him straight to Christ' 
meet you on the street and slap you just to break the ice 
made a bomb threat with a fake device 
strip you naked twice, pistol whip you and force you to take advice 
and if you catch me bobbin' my head to some bullshit spittin' 
I was probably just tryin to shake the lice 
bugs fallin' out of my head 
I'm wishin' I was dead 
while I'm crawlin out of my bed 
found it red 
and my rash is returning 
I feel the sensation of burning 
occurring, usually during pain for release in my urine 
screamin' at my shadow 'please quit followin' me' 
these pills keep screamin' 'please quit swollin' me' 
the devil keeps screamin' 'please get down on one knee' 
took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me
Ladies and Gentelmen.
You are now about to witness the strenght, Aftermath.
Straight out the motherfuckin' streets of Compton.
Put yo' hands together, The Game, bitch.

Yeah, Yeah motherfuckers.
compton's back on the motherfuckin' map.
aftermath in that ass bitch
Game, let's go.

Me an Marshall ain't start shit, they listen to our shit.
And talk shit about us, but that shit is foul.
When I'm tryin' to feed my son and drop multi-platinum albums
Make my mother proud that her son made it out.

But it;s hard when they hate us, and think Em a racist
They say shit, but fuck them, Shady one of the greatest
Like Biggie and 'Pac was, we saw the throne was empty
And dedicated to chase it, me him and 50 racin'

This rap shit is basic, I followed that Jay shit
Think of what I wanna say, step in the booth, and one take it
How could I not sell a milion when I'm rappin' on Dre hit
Then spit that classical L.A. N.W.A. shit

The media is bullshit, now we can't even say bitch
They accusin' Michael of touchin' kids in the wrong places
At first they embraced him, had a coupe of face lifts
now people wana place him with murderers and rapists

They comin' I can taste this, swear to God I erase 'em
Put the clip in and waste 'em before I go out on that fake shit
I'm so sick and tired of this black shit, this white shit
So i sit here and write shit, Em they ain't gon' like this,
so they callin' us.

(we ain't, goin', nowhere, so fuck you)
(we ain't, goin', nowhere, so fuck you)
This day, the game, will never be the same
Things just ain't the same for gangsters
The game just isin't the same, it's changin'
It's a new game, you're now about to witness the power

Only Dre can, junge me for the mistakes I'm makin'
If I'm fakin', I'm Clay Aiken
You ain't 50 and you ain't Game, you lame, you tame bitch
Your mind's lost, you ain't ready to make that flame switch

You'll end up in the same situation, same shit
Different day, just with different gangsters in you face
Which way do you wanna face when your brains hit pavement ?
Think of what you'll say to Pastor Mase and save it.

For the day that they got them affidavits wavin'
In my face lookin' for answers, rap sensation
Eminem battles to ward off, accusations
That he had somebody blasted, the mask of Jason.

Was found at the scene of the task with masking tape
And the victim's penis up his ass, a basket case
And they ask him to clean up his act, you bastards wastin'
Too much time, me no kiss ass, and if that's the case, then we ain't goin'

(we ain't, goin', nowhere, so fuck you)
(we ain't, goin', nowhere, so fuck you)
This day, the game, will never be the same
Thing just ain't the same for gangsters
The game just isn;t the same, it's changin'
It's a new game, you're now about to witness the power.

The Game..

Lo, get Dre on the phone quick
Tell him Em just killed me on my own shit
I'm walkin' through 8 Mile, startin' to get homesick
I'ma do Shady numbers, I'm ridin' my own dick.

Yeah the chrome sick, the windows tinted
If Eminem is in it, body armor under the panel 
Ten these niggaz is killin' it, take a minute to listen
Turn down my Jimi Hendrix, I throw your demo out the window

For tellin' me , it's hot when it's not and you got
What you got from them rocks on the block you can stop
Tellin' Dre, you got shot with a glock that don't fade me
I'm crazy, why the fuck you think I'm rhymin' with Shady ?

I don't care if the radio don't play me; I say
What I say when I feel like I'm Phil-in-the-Day
And get hard when these bitches see my car in the streets
I can't even take my son to cop them G-Unit sneaks, so I'm gone bitch

(we ain't, goin', nowhere, so fuck you)
(we ain't, goin', nowhere, so fuck you)
This day, the game, will never be the same
Things just ain't the same for gangsters
The game just isn't the same, it's changin'
It's a new game, you're now about to witness the power.

The Game

Yeah, Oh
Shut yo' ass up, Aftermath motherfucker
Game, things changin', Dr. Dre, G-Unit
G-G-G-Unit..
[Eminem Singing]

There's an intruder 
in my house 
He cut my phone-line
can't dial out 
I scream for police 
but I doubt 
They're gonna hear me 
when I shout 

[rapping] 

A couple of cocktails will send me to jail 
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail 
But this time, when I get pulled over 
there's a Doberman pinscher and a pitbull in the seat 
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me 
quit fooling with me 
Bitch, you're gonna see 
No pistol in the seat 
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me 
and which you're gonna see in the long run 
Im'a be the wrong one 
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass 
flashin that flash-light on my ass where was you at 
last night when them assholes 
ran up on my grass 
rapper slash actor 
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass 
they took away my right to bear arms 
what I'm posed to fight with bear palms? 
yeah right 
they coming with bombs, I'm comin with flare-guns We as Americans 

[Chorus] 

We as a Americans 
Us as a citizen 
Gotta protect ourselves 
Look at our shit has been 
We better check ourselves 
Livin up in these streets 
Through worse and through better health 
Surviving by any means 
We as Americans 
Us as a citizen 
We are Samaritans 
What do we get us in 
We better check ourselves 
Look at our shit has been 
Take a look where you live 
This is America 
And we are Americans 

Im'a make Vuku bucks 
wearin Vuku vests 
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex 
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest 
but you know who 
with an "S" tattooed to my chest 
But I've innested 
Now I got the Industry pissy 
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny 
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty 
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents 
I'd rather see the president dead 
It's never been said 
but I said precedents and the standards 
and they can't stand it 
My name should've been bastard 
the shit should've been plastered 
on my forehead with a stamp 
I should've been blasted I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass 
but I'm too swift and fast 
for that, I'm past it 
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot 
Fuck that shit 
I done seen a fastest rap shit 
and turning into some pap-pap shit 
that quick 
snap click 
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic 
(Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon 
Clack 

[Chorus] 

(SSHHH) 
I got a secret if you can keep it between us 
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis 
under my Long Johns 
under my Sean Johns 
when running with the long arm or the long long gone 
Im'a do five years or less than that 
no questions asked 
it might be a good idea to stop right here 
and quit while I'm ahead already in the red 
already got a steady infrared nipped on my head 
A target on my back 
bigger problems than that 
Bin Laden on my ass 
he probably gone send a task 
I ain't gone even ask 
they ain't gone let me pack 
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at 

[Chorus]
[Intro]
Guess who? Did you miss me? Jessica Simpson, sing the chours...

[Chours]
When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (clear to me)
you're the one they adore who they came to see (who they came to see)
you're a rockstar (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
player, who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
we're the ones who made you

[Verse 1]
Back by popular demand, now pop a little Zan-tac fot antacid if you can
you're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
how does it feel? is it fantastic? is it grand?
well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady, man, no don't massacre the fans
damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
she spomped him, just cause he asked to put his hands
on her massive, gluteus maximus again
squeeze it and squish it and pass it to a friend
can he come back, as nasty as he can?
Yes he can-can don't ask me this again
he does not mean to lesbian offend
but Lindsay, please come back to seeing men
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl, in fact I see you grin
now come in girl

[Chours]
When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (clear to me)
you're the one they adore who they came to see (who they came to see)
you're a rockstar (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
player, who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
we're the ones who made you

[Verse 2]
The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
walk up to the cutes girl and, Charlie horse her
sorry Portia but what's Ellen DeGeneres
have that i don't? Are you telling me tenderness?
Well I can be as gentle as smooth as a gentleman
give me my Ventolin inhaler, and two Xenadrine
and I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
nail her, baby say hello to my little friend
Brit forget K-Fed let's cut out the middleman
forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
and this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
forget them other men girl, pay them little attention
and little did I mention, that Jennifer's in
love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench
man I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch
they take a mile, they got style but it isn't Slim

[Chours]
When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (clear to me)
you're the one they adore who they came to see (who they came to see)
you're a rockstar (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
player, who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
we're the ones who made you

[Bridge]
And tat's why, my love you'll never live without
I know you want me girl, cause I can see you checkin' me out
and baby, you know, you know you want me too
don't try to deny it baby, I'm the only one for you

[Verse 3]
Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
man, Cash I don't mean to mess with your gal but
Jessica Alba, put her breast in my mouth (blup)
wowzers I just made a mess in my trousers
and they wonder why I keep dressin' like Elvis
Lord help, us he's back- in his pink Alf shirt
lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's bout ta flip, Jessica
rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya
can ya blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
matter fact bake me a birthday cake
with a saw blade in it to make my jail break
baby, I think you just met your soul mate
now break it down, girl

[Chours]
When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (clear to me)
you're the one they adore who they came to see (who they came to see)
you're a rockstar (baby), everybody wants you (everybody wants you)
player, who can really blame you? (who can really blame you)
we're the ones who made you

[Outro]
So baby (baby)
get down down down, get down down down
get down down down, get down down down
...Oh, Amy! Rehab never looked so good! I can't wait, I'm goinf back!
Bust it rugged, shine like a gold nugget (what they know about this?)
When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme
Every time I pick up the microphone I drug it (what they know about 
this?)
When I bust on the mic, I bust a real hard rhyme

[Da Ruckus]
I'm rockin shit, packin shit, while stackin shit
If anyone steps up askin shit, I'm blastin shit
You gone phase me, but swingin like Peter Parker
Motherfuck the shop, I'll wreck the Goddamn barber
Forget your dreams about being with fans hugged up
You couldn't be a dope MC if you said his rhymes drugged up
I told you once, but you forget so here's a flashback
"You couldn't be shit, if you came out my asscrack"
Stop frontin kid, you know you ain't paid
And the only mic you wrecked was that kid you fought in first grade
Ain't nothin lyrical about you but your lies
So cut the shit, cause its startin to draw flies
You're played like my five-year old's newborn toys
Don't know shit about Chicago, but I could still make Illa Noyz
Like Robin Leech I display stylish ways
Thats rough like my face when I haven't shaved in days
Listen up, all these words take heed
When I cock and squeeze, no more MC's breathe (none)
I'm sick of this, here's my final dis
Fuck you dumb niggaz you ain't shit like this

Chorus: 2X

[Eminem]
My Smith and Wessy got you layin in some alley messy
Got your family lookin for your ass on Sally Jesse
We squash beef in the mo', when you ain't breathin no more
Leavin your skull split like Steven Seagal
Let the cat out, flat out, Detroit's a mad house
So I don't get offended when I hear my city badmouth
We quick to pull the gat out and set it
And leave you with more shit missin than a Lil' Kim radio edit
Stick up kids be tryin to live paid
You get your crib sprayed with twenty-seven bullets in your ribcage
Get the guage, cock it back, empty your pockets, Jack
Or I'ma send you flyin like a rocketpack
Murder you for a bag of chips and a chocolate snack
Break into your crib steal your shit and lock it back
Ten-year old kids be standin on the block with gats
Just for livin nowadays'll get you flocked with bats

Where I'm from...yaknow what'm sayin?, that's some old Detroit shit
y'all wouldn't know about that shit, though. Less you come
to my city, ya know what'm sayin? See where we live, 
cause we shine

Chorus: 2X

[Hush]
MC's put Detroit up in they rap songs
Cause without us there careers wouldn't last long
So like a generation we've been passed on
Now its our time to shine, put your glasses on
Got these A & R's and labels with binoculars
Lookin in, jockin us and not jockin yours
Too many groups follow trends, unoriginal
Usin loops that transcend every bitch in you
Don't ever try to say this is a ghost town
One million rappers in this bitch, they need to slow down
Evualute the situation, all the rest are killers
Fly hoes out on Jefferson with the drug dealers
Two years in the joint, nobody's touchin Hush
Try to say you'll put us down, but your under us
Now who the fuck are you? its just coincidental
When your rhyme your even worse than the instrumental
Your just a phone-tapper with no backbone
Talkin shit, I got a clique that only pack chrome
Have your ass gone, nowhere to run, when we hit
Next time you'll think twice of who you fuckin wit

Chorus
We're Back
[Eminem] 
Nothing can stop and nothing can change 
And you better just make new livin' arrangments 
If you think, you the top and king of the castle 
You about to be thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole 
All I hear is I'm the best at this and I'm best at that 
But I don't hear my name, no ?? brought up in rap 
And I don't usually trip or damn get caught up in that 
But when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought up as that 
Not even the same leage as Jay-Z, Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe 
The name me somewhere down at the bottom, right after AZ 
Or say he ripped that Biggie verse, or that Jay-Z 
Yo his verses were crazy, on that "Renegade" beat 
But I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady 
And all I hear is pop tunes come on the Radi-O 
And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily 
And they very well maybe 
The same reason they don't say me 
When they speak on hip-hop legends which is amaze me 
Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream 
And make it big ba big big bay ba baby 

[Obie Trice] 
So maybe the eighties made me crazy 
I've been tryin to get my weight up since the ace Slim Shady 
Gave me the gate key, paved the way 
So lately, my stakes get better each day 
Replay my relay race, when I was chasin the afee at eighteen 
Eight years later his voice in Beijing 
No choice I chase cream, so 

[Eminem] SHAAADDYYY!!!(STAT QUO!)We're back! 

[Stat Quo] 
This is what I eat, sleep and breath and feed my kids 
Would it fulfill all my family needs (c'mon) 
I treat the mic like the block 
Fuck with my rocks, and squeeze 
Critics expecting me to underachieve 
I just deal with the hate I recieve 
By rolling back my sleeves 
Sure was a breeze, I bring him right to his knees 
And tell him "suck my dick" 
I take a bow and leave 
With a sack full of unmarked cheese 
I find it hard to believe 
Who to pull or proceed 
To be G's and claim they runnin shit 
Nigga I run me 
As a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me 
The same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E 
Folk in the hood be askin, where I be 
Dogg, I'm out in Hawaii 
Don't like it? drink my pee 
Record song for the "Detox" LP 
Feet don't fail he 
Niggas got me bent like Cranberry and Belvee 
I'ma die wealthy 
Boss in the game, what the fuck they gon tell me? 
A towns auntre, Aftermath, Shady! 

[Eminem] SHAAADDYYY!!!(BOBBY CREEK!)We're back! 

[Bobby Creekwater] 
Y'all market y'all block, they sent me to corner that 
Rap game's an old flame, my nigga I want 'em back 
Like mic check 
Pimp for what it's worth I got the right net 
Sittin' here excited by some shit that aint right yet 
No regret, live by a code you don't know bout 
Y'all niggas won't be certified till I show I 
Go out on a limb with Em cause I'm wid him 
Put a barrel to the apparel of you and some of them 
Stand a chance, at the dance, without a Bow tie 
Shady Records re-introduce you niggas to Mow-ti 
So high, of the light that they have given me 
And the haters like a shofurr because it's driven me 
To a view with a vendetta I am the apitomee 
I don't give a fuck about ya nigga I'm just livin me 
We the reason for the season so I'm breezin through the track 
Nigga 

[Eminem] SHAAADDYYY!!!(CA$HIS!) 

[Ca$his] 
I can prove I'm here to do something you never do 
From hand to hand coke sales, from my revenue 
I ain't been toa function, where I ain't snuck a weapon through 
Cause my background reveals a one eight seven too 
To the block, I'm the truth 
To the cops, I'm the proof of this 
And niggas still out there, you just gotta shoot 
I carry over my street ethics, to the booth 
And the shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth 
The difference between me and you, I already done it 
And lived the street life, niggas run away from if 
You follow my life, in a midwest blunted 
Pitchforks held high, four fifth by the stomach 
You can find me right now, on the C.A. streets 
I'm on the roof, of the building, shooting at police 
Some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me 
I'm a walking obituary, death live in me 
I take life through the pen, by the way I'ma see 
Or have you raped in the pen, like American meat 
I'm connected gettin weight from MS 13 
With S.K's, A.R's and Mini fourteens 
I'm Cashis, the last of the real, with a strap 
On Pro-sac, D's and E-Pills, it's a rap 
Get the block on tip, two for tens of crack 
I'm in a lifetime contract, Shady's back 
Nigga 

Eminem - SHAAADDYYY!!!(Ha! I Told You We Was Back!)
Put it on my wee wee
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
(x4)

Got a dick as big as a banana
I try to control it, but I can't
it's too tough, it's like an (?) banana
you better watch out, Hannah Montana
man, what's the matter, have you no manners?
no, you know the girl from Juno's address?
yeah, I'ma probably go to jail for that
now I got the cops on my tail for that
run up on your car with a stale banana
in your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that
coulda been a molotov cocktail for that
wait a minute, man, what the hell was that?
I heard a noise, where you goin'? 
What are you, bananas?
you can't go back there, stupid ass
I just seen a woman in a Freddy Kruger mask
who the fuck are you, Superman?
all you have is a little stupid can of whipped cream
what the hell you gonna do with that?
I'ma put it on my wee wee
ooh, good answer
super bonanza extravaganza 
man, go ahead, what you waitin' for?
you better get them clothes off, baby boy
come on, let's go, we're gonna make a porn
ready, set, go. hit play, record

Put it on my wee wee
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
(x4)

Are you ready? You better hold the camera steady
she's probably back there with a damn machete
she's probably gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
she's probably gonna kill ya, still wanna check, see?
have a little quick look? go on, (?)
she's probably six foot tall like big foot
the hell with that, we probably should run
don't dare look back
we probably, probably, probably
there probably was a problem at the post office or something
but you probably didn't know that, did ya?
now what ya gonna do when she gets ya?
I ain't goin' with ya, forget ya
quit tryna hold my hand, mista'
pretend she's your little sista', little sista'
(?) 
might as well take the whipped cream with ya
and when you see her, make sure you get a picture
we could try to make another Blair Witch-a movie
a beastiality porno with smoothies

Put it on my wee wee
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
(x4)

It's eerie, but here comes Zack and Miri
beauty and the beast, his back is hairy
but she don't care, they're attractive, very
very sexually active, very
no, Zack, don't go back in there
it's too late now, she's grabbin' hair
he screams, "Bloody Mary!", grabs a mirror
but stop just ain't in her vocabular
"Get off me, please. Get off me, stop."
(?) at a coffee shop
they go non-stop
she says, "Go"
he says, "No"
she says, "Oh"
back and forth, they scream and shout
yeah, boy, let them demons out
it's the kind of nightmare you dream about
uh-oh, now the whipped cream is out
I get sick thoughts, sick, sick, thoughts
things you could do with your lipstick gloss(?)
put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange
bitch, keep going! Bitch, keep going!

Put it on my wee wee
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange
(x4)

Banana, banana, banana, banana, banana
Yo, weed lacer, ’97 burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the Mercury Tracer
Eminem I’m on some loc’d shit
Some fed up wit’ the bein’ broke shit
Weed I’m not to joke wit’
Bitch, I don’t sell crack, I smoke it
Lacer My brain’s dusted; I’m disgusted at all my habits
Freestyle Too many aspirin tablets, empty medicine cabinets
Losing battles to wack rappers ‘cause I’m always too blunted
Songtexte Walkin’ up in the cypher smokin’, talkin’ ‘bout “Who want it?”
Songtext Thug and crook; every drug in the book I’ve done it
Lyrics My 9’s at your brain, is that you chain? Run it
Lyric Crews die from an overdosage of excessive flavor
Aggressive nature got me stickin’ you for your Progressive pager
Liedertexte Spectacular, crystal-meth manufacturer
Stole your momma’s Acura, wrecked it, and sold it back to her
Liedertext Boostin’ Nike jackets, escaped from psychiatrics
Told the nurse to save a bed for me, I might be back, bitch
Alle So barricade your entrance, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses (Ooh)
Eminem Chasin’ dips – take ‘em on long vacation trips
Kidnappin’ ‘em and trappin’ ‘em in abusive relationships
Weed Fuck up your face and lips
Slit you stomach and watch your gut split
Lacer Gut you wit’ that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit’ [laughter]
Freestyle Mama, don’t you cry, your son is too far gone
Songtexte I’m so high, I don’t even know what label I’m on
Songtext I’m fucked up, I feel just like an overworked plumber
Lyrics I’m sick of this shit, what’s Dr. Kevorkian’s phone number?
[Verse 1: Mr. Porter]

Welcome to the ill world of Mr. P-O
Ay, keep the talk, B; I'm tryna see dough
If it ain't about bread, what we gon' speak fo?
If it ain't no lead, then it ain't no beef, bro
You better get a leash cause your freak ho
Specialize in wood like she Home Depot
I'm like Chico DeBarge, we stars
Roscoe P. Coltrane in these bars, man
Amtrak, I'll break her damn back, man
It's Ralph Lauren, this ain't no damn Chaps
It's all polo; I'm so pro, though
You bird-crazy: El Pollo Loco
Talking 'bout cheese and this ain't no photo
Asking 'bout rings like the ho know Frodo
You better get out of my house and shit
I just threw up in my mouth a bit, I'm sick

[Verse 2: Royce da 5'9"]

Niggas be lying, talking 'bout that, bust a heater
Once I see him, maybe more like Justin Bieber
Leaving my rivals underground like Skyzoo's, how I do
I have her laying in the street and bleeding
Butt naked with a bullet in his muthafuckin' head like Erykah Badu
I find irony in being in a place
Where I'm wearing Gucci, mane, getting white boy wasted
I tell a nigga, "Break bread or take lead"
I'm tryna get rid of this weight like K-Fed
Me and Denaun got a gangsta bond
We like that once-in-a-lifetime thang to you that ain't the prom
The next MC that rhyme "official" with "ref with a whistle"
That ain't Young Money, I'mma definitely diss you
If you rhyming "packing a Mac" with "back of the Ac"
Or perhaps you can't match my spectacular vernacular
You still rhyming "bottles" with "models", "college" for "knowledge"?
Using the word "swagger"? You're probably garbage
You thugs funny, comparing 5'9" to anybody?
You comparing Superman to Bugs Bunny

[Verse 3: Eminem]

I'm like a white Michael Vick, psycho enough to stick
Michael J. Fox in a microwave with a Rott
I might make a little Alizé with a side of NyQuil
And ride a motorcycle bike right through the side of my high school
Satan's disciple with a sniper rifle and a knife and a white diaper
Liable to shit on you while I snipe you
So dope he gets off opiates, what an appropriate
Way to start off his day; he may just smart off to Dre
He may be hard to contain cause his rage is so hard to gauge
See, Hannibal ate his face and met Jason gnawed off his leg
Amazing hard-on for razors and blades and anything sharp
Even poisonous darts; it all plays a major part of his game
Holy water won't ward him off, crucifixes won't do the trick
He's so sick, it's ridiculous; sawed the crazy part off his brain
He's still insane, why's there bloodstains on his carpet, mane
There's some crazy shit going on in Shady's apartment again

[Verse 4: Mr. Porter]

Okay, it's back to the blocks, slinging yay like the old days
Superman on the beat, I carry my whole state
You wooden legs to a house: you can't hold weight
Oh shit, it's O'Shea Jackson! Okay
A little bit of this twisted out with Obama in it
Mr. Porter back with anthrax like Osama sent him
Bitch, I'm all that; I drive the girls crazy
They gotta look at Rorschachs to get they thoughts back
I ain't a small fry, small ticker, small tack
I make 'em all cry with big dick and raw sack
The potblood of science to return a raw rap
I'm the best, mane: Eli Porter stance

[Verse 5: Royce da 5'9"]

Y'all bitches should call Nickle the Don Bishop
A poet, a mixer of Don Goines and John Grisham
Flow'll have ya rewinding through it five times
That landmine rhyme written with porcupine line
Step up in here with the Slaughterhouse
C.O.B. Gang will approach you and bend ya gun barrel to a Horseshoe
Only fuck wit monsters, we the truth, monsters will pop up on ya
Like ya said "Beetlejuice, beetlejuice, beetlejuice"
I can't even see the booth, I could fit Stevie's shoe
I'm sick, I got the Desert Eagle flu
I'm rich, lil' nigga, we don't need a cent, we Teflon
The doctor take blood, the needle bent, ask mom
Outta my mind if you can imagine
Using Magic's johnson without a condom, I'm bonkers!
Got the streets going, "Dude, it's tremendous"
If I come for ya blood, I ain't gon' be using syringes

[Verse 6: Eminem]

Newsflash, I'm still trashed, them pills shoulda killed my ass
But they didn't, they just made me stronger
It's like they rebuilt my ass, like the Six Million Dollar Man after the crash
It's Aftermath, bitch! And my milk glass is still half-empty
Yeah, tempt me! Hell isn't enough
They need to invent somewhere new to send me
As sick as I'm getting, they'll stick me in a conventional oven
With a rotisserie setting and won't even notice me sweating
Shit, I done made a verse, said some foul shit
Tryna go back fix it, fucked around and just made it worse!
Yeah, I'm back, looking no worse for wear, got these haters
Mad enough to rip off their hair and start punching the air!
Panties so in a bunch that they can't function
It's Shady and Royce, fuck yeah! What a dysfunctional pair!
So stop acting like a punk, get a pair
Take a pill and fall the fuck out, spill ya lunch in the chair

 [Verse 7: Mr. Porter]

Look, I'm sick, somebody better get the Dimetapp
Who I gotta shoot just to prove that I can rap?
People ask where my shine is at
I say check the liner notes, I done done all kinda crap
I am so much of a star, bitch
That I can fart and piss on the red carpet
Look, my bank account's retarded
My debit card's got a helmet and a harness, hey
Meet demands but they all are harmless
At shows, my riders always the largest
I need four pounds of fried poultry carcass
And red M&Ms chartered from Charlotte
Look, and if you try to act dumb and start shit
I just yell at 'em like, "I'm the artist!"
In fact that you know the deal
If you wanna play sick, we can all get ill
Look: measles, mumps, I made you bitches
I don't need you chumps, y'all got cheese
And I need my chunks! Hurry up
So I can go to burn rubber and get some more dunks

[Verse 8: Royce da 5'9"]

Now if your attitude determines your latitude
This house that we call hip hop? I'm in the attic, fool
A mic and two turntables, fit for the unstable
Converted to a padded room, keep a street sweeper in fact
I call the mag a broom, you seeing beef, seeing things
You musta had yourself a bag of shrooms, I make a call
Make 'em fake a fall, my clique is too sick, say goodbye
In the streets where the stakes is high like Ruth's Chris
I'm from the city of true shit
Where the mayor went to jail for being a player right after Proof split
Levels the head of competitors Royce that
I'm drinking everyday 'til Hex Murda get his regular voice back
Ras, I got ya, look scared at ya, blast from ya
From a block away; ask Tricky, I'm that niggie
I'm mo hooder than black dickies
I rap like committing suicide in the booth taking the track with me
Patrón's in my chromosomes in order to leave it alone
You have to ween me off that Lorena Bobbitt chopper'd
Knock a weenie off, put your body between chalk
I'm squeezing the nine iron like I'm swinging golf
I'm with the best rapper alive, put something on it
Yo sound's plain as a cheeseburger with nothing on it

[Verse 9: Eminem]

I'll do a hundred-yard dash just to slash Kim Kardash in the ass
With a shard of glass from Nick Hogan's car crash
You may look like the passenger for that, don't be a smart ass
Yeah, laugh while sit there thinking that the hard part passed
You ain't seen pain 'til Leatherface flips, mane
I'll cut ya fuckin' balls off, homie, my saw's off the chain
I chopped the bitch in half with it, sawed off her legs
And the top half of the torso fuckin' crawled off and sang
I ain't seen shit like that since I went to Mike Jack's
And took the Elephant Man's skull, fucked it, and put it right back
Handed my dick to Bubbles while he sucked it and licked my nutsack
Gave him a reacharound while I fucked him right in his buttcrack
Nah, I ain't taking it back, faggot, fuck that!
I give a fuck about nothing so here's where you fucked up at
Don't go touching that can, man, you don't wanna open up that!
Wait a min... ah, shit... Alchemist, cut that!
[Hook]
Close ya eyes and try to guess my tint
Close ya eyes and try to guess my tint
Close ya eyes and try to guess my tint
Now open 'em up, even the best sound wins

[Eminem]
Shit, there ain't idiots bad as the phattest skinniest
Sick with a little rapper to neva battle, little, piddle or paddle the prettiest
Dumb fuck, lookin' for the hats or suck a numb
Or jackin' jeans keep your hangin' nuts tucked
And I'm about to take my look up it, up in a book
Plus I'm almost on the top of the booty pull that coppin' a district shit
See you're just barkin up tha wrong tree
Cause I got diarrhea, myamia, I'mma be a fuckin Honkey
So bad on the mic gotta make ya titterid kid retell what tha fuck I'm saying
He just talk, but neva the type babbadababa they think they shits so poppa hipty
I'd imagine if I were to put up a zipper to the mic i'd be able to do a lip-sync
Because I rap in this muthafucker there's gotta be a certain rhyme this microphone stick, what the fuck i'll hoist it around inside my home
And the dj better stick up like a rocket
Cuzz he could scratch up a pooltable with 27 pockets
Buttafingaz scratches like a girly fight
But if our color matters, open up the pearly whites
But I’m hardcore like I’m boxing a tomata
Gettin' skipped like I was boxing a potata
I wouldn't suck on the mic if it was shaped like a nipple
I done made lots'a money so I'm good if i make like a nickle
But I'm out cold like a snowstorm
So I got nuts so fat, It'll keep my toes warm (Hit)
[Eminem]

Yo I got an idea

Let me go grab Sticky right quick



*sounds of steps*



Hey yo Stick, Stick



[Sticky]

Yo Slim Shady

Yo I just had like a nightmah..

Wait it wasn't like a nightmare

It was like a good dreah..

Well it wasn't a good.. (What was it?)

Hey yo I just had a crazy dream man (What?)

Yo, yo I dreamed I was white! (Ohhh)



[Eminem]

If he was white

What if he was white?

What if he was white?

What - If - He - Was - White?

What if he was white?

What if he was

white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?



[Vers 1 - Sticky Fingaz]

Yo, yo

What if I was white skin the same color as Eminem's?

Blond hair, blue eyes

The whole shibang

I know one thing

Police wouldn't always be watching me

Pull me over for nothing, constantly jockin me

(Can I get your autograph?)

Yellow cabs in the cities that stop for me

I wouldn't need caladeral to buy property

If I was white

Wouldn't matter if I was rich or poor

SECURITY wouldn't follow me around the store

Like I'd steal something (Maybe he might of stole something)

Because I'm black I rob

And automatically assume I ain't got no job

On my own land I feel like an immigrant

If I was white

I wouldn't thought O.J. was innocent (He did it)



[Eminem]

If I was white

What if he was white?

What if he was white? (Yo think about that)

What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white (for a minute)

What if he was white?

What if he was (What if he was white?)

white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (What if he was white?)



What if he was white?

What if he was white?

What - If - He - Was - White?

What if you were white? (what if he was white?)

What if he was

white, white, white, white, white,(STICKyyyy what if you were white?) white, white,

white, white, white?



[Vers 2 - Sticky Fingaz]

If I was white

It would be a different world for me

If I was white (ummmmmmmm?)

What shade would I be?

Would I be Redneck or Skinhead, prepi or high class?

YOU PROBABLY LIVE IN A TRAILERPARK AND BE WHITE TRASH!

In any case that be L-Slim right? (Yep)

But there's a good and bad out of being white

You can't say the N word without starting a fight

(What's UP MY BROTHER?)

True dance it'll be, I had two left feet

Even if I was white

Plaque still have a ghetto shit(How you doing?)

Is it a minfo

Or do I really have a little dick (Nah, it's true!)

If I was white

I would probably listen to hardcore rock

and covered my ears when ever I heard Hip Hop (Ahhhhhhhhhhhh)



[Eminem]

If he was white

What if he was white?

What if he was white? (What if he was white?)

What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white

What if he was white?

What if he was

white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (What if he was white?)



What if he was white?

What if he was white?

What if he was white, white, white, white, he was white(ummmmmmmm?)

What if he was white? (What if you were white?)

What if he was

white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white? (What if he was white?)



[Wers 3 - Sticky Fingaz]

Yo,yo,yo, if I was white

I probably wouldn't even think the same

I watched Tennis and golf and bet on Hockey games (Red Wings Man)

Wear suit and ties and go to work everyday

If I was white

I couldn't live around my way

In it probably wouldn't never even been an Onyx shit

I be serice sippin vadka and tonixs

Smokin on them all on a marboral

instead of a nueport

I live in Long Island

Instead of New York

If I was white

I probably couldn't dunk

Cuz everybody knows white man can't jump (Nope!)

And probably wouldn't be able to go to the trees spots

Cuz all the niggas trend think I was a cop



[Eminem]

If he was white

What if he was white?

What if he was white?

What - If - He - Was - White?(Yo you can't say that)

What if he was white

What if he was

white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?



What if you were white?

What if he was white?

What - If - He - Was - White?

What if he was white?

What if he was

white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?

If he was white?

What if he was white?

What if he was white

(What would you do if you were white?)

What - If - He - Was - White?

(What if you were white?)

white, white, white, white, white, white,

(What if you were white!!!!)

white, white, white, white?

What if he was white?

What if he was white?

white, white, white, white, white?

What if he was white

white, white, white, white, white, white, white, white?



[Eminem]

Yo, what if I was White? uhh..
(Mr. Porter & Swifty McVay D-12)



[Intro: Eminem]
Haha, Swifty McVay!
Mr. Porter, the Kon Artis (ha!)
I told you we wasn't leavin, c'mon!

[Swifty McVay]
I come from a jungle, with a trunk load of punk hoes (nigga)
Muzzle this animal, fuck with mechanical
Gun totin hazardous cutthroat, canteloupe can split it
And the Pope couldn't prevent me from shittin on niggaz
Fitted caps get blew back like bad wind, imagine backspinnin
into a casket, it happens when bastards try to act masculine (hoe)
A hell raiser, I smack the skin off your man's face
so fast it'll leave acne on my hand when it land (hah!)
Placed in a class where professors came to school with Smith 'n Wessons
just to teach us a lesson, had that ass hangin up with the flag (yeah)
Parental discretion, I'll send you a video
with me naked havin a session on my urinal (RESPECT IT! HAH!)
When you kill in the nighttime and claimin yo' innocence
I'll be waitin ready to A.K. you and yo' egg Bene-dick {AHH!}
Usin yo' balls to play tennis with (hah)
You'll be in some shit like flies and fuck the witnesses

[Chorus 2X: Swifty McVay]
(MOTHERFUCK!) Niggaz that doubt and thought we wasn't killin shit
(WHAT!) Whatever you want, we providin it diligently
(PUMP!) Double barrel wherever we go willingly
(DUMPIN!) On opposition in the streets or industry

[Kon Artis a.k.a. Mr. Porter]
You was born I was hatched, but you came out deformed
I have nuts of a horse, and you ain't got no balls
Come runnin with tec-9's whenever niggaz would call
Bang-bang-bang, bang-bang, shoot up classway halls
I don't give a FUCK, who you call to come
You came with thirty niggaz, I only came with one
That just goes to show you how much scrap a nigga got in me
You gone off Henny, that liquid courage drivin you into these
situations you in, don't get that "Purple Pills" shit confused
with us bein cool up here singin "My Band"
I'm sure you see these little kids cryin over me man
They'll do anything for a fuckin autograph
So say that shit loud enough out of the fuckin crowd and
I'll show you the meanin of die-hard fans
Saddam Hussein who sews, who radical act
A mechanical bomb attached to my pelvis
That's what I mean by get, back; I mean get, back
Or find your head detached from that Mitchell & Ness
So find your spinal cord, uh-uh-oh I digress
I guess I'm just too fresh, to finish that line
Denaun's ain't next

[Chorus]
[Music Video]

Groupmember: - I remember the first time
 I came here.
It's been a rough six years...
 And I'm just happy to not be that person anymore...
And so is my wife (laughs)...thank you for, letting me do this...
 that' s all I have to share right now....

Groupleader: Is there em... anyone else who'd like to share with us tonight?

Eminem: ... Yeah.... My name is Marshall.
group: Hello Marshall.

[Introduction]
Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...

[Verse 1]
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
"Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane
"Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?"
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...

[Chorus]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[Verse 2]
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
"You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?"
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, "Daddy you're lying
"You always say that, you always say this is the last time
"But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine"
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
"Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha'"
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man I can hear 'em
They're saying "You've got one more chance to do right" - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...

[Chorus]
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[Verse 3]
Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
"Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding,"
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you Daddy, you told me that you ain't leavin'
"You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad
"And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
"That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin
"I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are going"
But baby wait, "it's too late Dad, you made the choice
"Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us"
That's what they want, they want you Marshall, they keep.. screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain and scream "die Shady" and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's Spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say..

[Chorus/Outro]

And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...

[Curtains closing and sounds of clapping]
[Bizzare:] 
[Echo] 
Music, reality, sometimes it's hard to tell the difference 
But we as entertainers have a responsibility to these kids 
Sike! 

[Eminem:] 
If I were to die murdered in cold blood tomorrow 
Would you feel sorrow or show love 
Or would it matter 
Can never be the lead-off batter of things 
Shit for me to feed off 
I'm see-saw battlin 
But theres way too much at stake for me to be fake 
There's too much on my plate 
And I came way too far in this game to turn and walk away 
And not say what I got to say 
What the fuck you take me for? a joke? you smokin crack? 
Before I do that, I beg Mariah to take me back 
I get up 'for i get down, run myself in the ground, 'for I put some wack shit out 
I'm tryin-a smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark 
Ya'll steady tryin to drown the shark 
Ain't gonna do nothin but piss me off 
Lid to the can of whoop ass, just twist me off 
See me leap out, pull the piece out, fuck shootin i'm just trying to knock his teeth out 
Fuck with me now, bitch, let's see you freestyle 
Talk is cheap, motherfucker if you're really feeling froggish, leap 
Yo slim, you gonna let him get away with that? 
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that 
Man I hate this crap, this ain't rap, 
This is crazy the way we act 
When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops 

[Swift:] 
There ain't no getting rid of McVeigh 
If so you woulda tried 
The only way I'm leavin this bitch is suicide 
I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemy's crib with hennesy, 
Got drunk then I finished he 
I'm every nigga's favorite arch-enemy. 
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef 
I spark willingly with a dillinger in the dark dilligently 
I'm not what you think 
I appear to be fucked up 
Mentally endangered 
I can't stay away from a razor 
I just want my face in a paper 
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres 
I murder you 
Danger had me turned into a mad man, son of sam, bitch, I'm surgical 
I'l allergic to dyin, you think not? you got balls? We can see how large 
When the music stops 

[Kon Artist:] 
I was happy having a deal at first, 
Thought money would make me happy but 
It only made my pain worst, 
It hurts when u see ur friends turn their back on u dawg 
When u ain't got nothing left but ur word and ur balls 
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends 
Beggin' with they hands out 
Checking for ur record when its selling 
When it aint, that's the end, no laughs 
No friends no girl 
Just the gin u drink till u car spin u then 
[Screech] 
Damn! 
[Crash] 
U slam into the wall and u fall 
Out the car, trying to crawl with one arm 
About to lose it all in a pool of alcohol 
If my funeral's tomorrow, wonder if they would even call when the music stops 

[Kuniva:] 
Let's see how many of your men loyal, 
When i pull up looking for you, 
With a pistol sipping on a can of pennzoil 
I'm revved up, who said what would lead bust ur head would just explode 
With red stuff i'm hand cuffed tossed in the paddy wagon 
Braggin about how u shot it like a coward, bullets devour you showered you 
Niggars, if i was u niggas, i'll run while given the chance 
Understand i can enchance the spirit of man 
Death itself, it can't hurt me, just the thought of dying alone that really 
Irks me, u ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk 
Be smart and stop trying to walk how g's walk before we spark 
Hug the floor while we plan to the war with ur life, fuck the tour and the mic 
I'll rather fuck a whore with a knife, deliver that shit the coroner's like 
You high hype poppin' shit in broad day light nigga ur a gonna at night 

When The Music Stops 

[Proof:] 
Instigators, turn pits in cages 
Let loose and bit the neighbours 
wrist to razors 
Ya'll don't want war, you want talk 
In the dark my dogs all bark like woof 
Proof nigga I'm a wolf, get your whole roof 
Caved in like reindeer hoofs 
Stomped the roof shake the floor tiles loose 
The more ya'll breach, the more I moves 
This hill street, this is hardcore blues 
Put a gun to rap checking all our jewels (nigga) 
Or make the news betcha all ya'll move 
When the uzi pop, you better drop when the music stop 

[Bizzare:] 
Music's changed my life in so many ways 
Brains confused and fucked since the 5th grade 
LL told me to rock the bells 
NWA said fuck the police 
Now i'm in jail 
93 was strictly R&B 
Fucked up hair cut 
Listen to Jodeci 
Michael Jackson, who gonna tell me I ain't Mike 
Ass cheeks painted white 
Fucking Presilla at night 
Flying down sunset smoking crack 
Transvestite in the front 
Eddi Murphy in the back 
MOP had me grindy and griddy 
Marilyn Manson, i dyed my hair blue 
And grew some titties 
Ludacris told me to throw them bowls 
Now i'm in the hospital 
Broken nose and a fractured elbow 
Voices in my head, i'm going in shock, 
I'm reaching for the glock but the music stops
White America

America, hahaha, we love you, how many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful 
country of our's, the stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect, 
the women and men who have broke their neck's for the freedom of speech the United States 
government has sworn to uphold,
Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song,
Or so we're told... 

I never would've dreamed in a 
million years i'd see, so many motherfuckin' people who feel like me, who share the same views 
and the same exact beliefs, it's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me, so many lives I 
touch, so much anger aimed, in no particular direction, just sprays and sprays, and straight 
through your radio waves it plays and plays, 'till it stays stuck in your head for days and 
days, who would of thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair, with some peroxide, 
reachin for a t-shirt to wear, that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this, how 
could I predict my words would have an impact like this, I must've struck a chord, with somebody 
up in the office, cause congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nuthin' but problems, and now 
they're sayin' i'm in trouble with the government, i'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life, 
and now I'm dumping it on... 


White America, I could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this, 
white America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get, white America, I 
could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this, white America, Erica 
loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get... 

Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself, if they were brown, Shady lose, Shady 
sits on the shelf, but Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimple's would help, make ladies swoon 
baby, {ooh baby}, look at my sales, let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I 
ain't have to graduate from Lincoln high school to know that, but I could rap, so fuck school, 
i'm too cool to go back, gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at, when I was 
underground, no one gave a fuck I was white, no labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was 
like, fuck it, until I met Dre, the only one to look past, gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up 
under his ass, helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got, was probably his in 
exchange for every white fan that he's got, like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at 
shit, wow, i'm like my skin is it starting to work to my benefit now, it's... 


See the problem is, I speak to suburban kids, who otherwise would of never knew these words 
exist, whose mom's probably would of never gave two squirts of piss, 'till I created so much 
motherfuckin' turbulence, straight out the tube, right into your living room I came, and kids 
flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre, that's all it took, and they were instantly hooked 
right in, and they connected with me too because I looked like them, that's why they put my 
lyric's up under this microscope, searchin' with a fine tooth comb, its like this rope, waitin' 
to choke, tightening around my throat, watching me while I write this, like I don't like this, 
nope, all I hear is, lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy, sponsors working 'round the clock, to 
try to stop my concerts early, surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston, 
after it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom, so now i'm catchin' the flack 
from these activists when they raggin', actin' like i'm the first rapper to smack a bitch, or 
say faggot, shit, just look at me like i'm your closest pal, the posterchild, the motherfuckin' 
spokesman now for... 


So to the parents of America, I am the derringer aimed at little Erica, to attack her 
character, the ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns, sent to lead the march right up to 
the steps of congress, and piss on the lawns of the White House, to burn the casket and replace 
it with a parental advisory sticker, to spit liquor in the faces of in this democracy of 
hypocrisy, fuck you Ms. Cheney, fuck you Tipper Gore, fuck you with the freest of speech this 
divided states of embarassment will allow me to have, fuck you, [vocal melody], 
he, hahaha, i'm just playin' America, you know I love you...
I never knew I..
I never knew I..
Mic check one-two
I never knew I..
Who woulda knew?
I never knew I..
Who'da known?
I never knew I..
Fuck would've thought
I never knew I..
Motherfucker comes out
I never knew I..
and sells a couple of million records
I never knew I..
And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
I never knew I..

[Eminem]
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*}
I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!)
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now?
Oh - you want me to watch my mouth, how?
Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around?
Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out
(Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked?
[*ewwww*] Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement
(The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents

[Chorus: Eminem]

Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch

[Eminem]
So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London
And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
I sees three little kids, up in the front row,
screamin "Go," with their 17-year-old Uncle
I'm like, "Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?"
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
(Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse
("Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!")
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!)
So read up, about how I used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months
My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?)
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike
So how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I never knew I.. knew I'd..
have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shooby-de-doo-wop (what?)
Skibbedy-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!)
How many retards'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach-er, her, him, is it you is it them?
"Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!"
Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it - I ain't know if you'd do it or not

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
How the fuck was I supposed to know?
[Hook: X Ambassadors]
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition
It's what you're suffering from when you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning
And you can't see the bitch’s hair is frizzing
Cause you got the windows up blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prism
The devil ain't on the level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him giving him an adjective an ass whooping
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs like they did something to me personally
Used to get bullied so I cut class and ditched it
Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it)
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground, still can’t tell em a-part
Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud
To shop at K-Mart and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin'
I don't give a fuck I don't play!
Bitch you think you saw this basket first
Your ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time you saw a villain with a cape
Ripped a gaping hole in it
Flipped out, ripped down the drapes
Tied 'em around my neck
Went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped, fell straight down to the ground splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates
Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sacheted around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face
And this ain't got nothing to do with escaler being gay ya little faggot
By the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent Jay
It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face I'm insane
Every rhyme I say, sons you, like an ultra violet ray
I’m selling hatred buffet style all the shit you can eat
$11.99 so come on and pile a plate
I’m throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme I’m spittin' while I’m shittin' on the competition
In the meantime it’s always mean time

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I’ve been a career asshole
I don’t see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake
But I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish
Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
And I’m coming to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
That cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book
But I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'mma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed would have caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion, my suggestion’s Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm running away with the game
It's cause I am don't speculate, spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by my wicked ways
Lady you can suck a dick till your neck aches
Cry till you get puffy eyes red face
But I'm leaving on this jet plane
You ain't fly, you're an airhead
I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole sorry another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage over headspace
Cause you just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words don't try to put the heart in a headcase
Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't, I need my meds I peed my bed
I'm going blind I don't see my legs I keep on falling down
No wonder you can't stand me I need my cane
Someone help me I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind you can see my pain
Then you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut the P-I-E holes, now peep my game
Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it like a lyco fucking (fucking fuck it)
Echo... Pyscho on a cyclone cycle
Spiraling, here I go, I`m outta control like no
Other mic go, stab you til' the knife goes dull
I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
'Cos I'mma sock it to you
Dyke ho, you don't like it
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so
Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro
And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole
Deeper in, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go

[Hook]

"Ken Kaniff" (skit)
Outro: Eminem & Ken Kaniff
Ohh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty
Thank you, God
*bathroom door opening, someone walks in*
Shit...
*sounds of pissing and crapping*
Is that a girl?
*Ken Kaniff singing*
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in mouth
And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M
And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show
(Why do I know that voice?)
Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
(Are you fucking serious?)
So everybody, everybody
Circle jerk, touch my body
*doors slam, screaming*
Who is that? Where are you going? Come back
Why does everyone always leave me?
Hello? Fuck you then
*loud crapping noise*
Blow it out your ass
Intro (Obie Trice)
"Obie Trice, Real Name No Gimmicks"

Chours 1 
2 trailer park girls go round the outside
Round the outside, round the outside 
2 trailer park girls go round the outside
Round the outside, round the outside 

Chours 2 
Guess who's back (back, back), back again (again, again),
Shady's back (back, back), tell a friend (friend, friend),
Guess who's back, guess who's back,
Guess who's back, guess who's back 
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back...

[Verse 1]
I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more, they want Shady - I'm chopped liver
Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hardliquor
Some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker then a
Shot when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (YEAH!)
You waited this long now stop debating, 'cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see
They tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on and dip, bum on your lips, fuck that 
Cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
FUCK YOU DEBBIE! 


Chours:
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy, 'cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy, 'cause it feels so empty without me


[Verse 2]
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling llike prisoners helpless,
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells "bitch!"
A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution, pollutin' the air waves a rebel
So just let me revel an bask, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
And it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back (na na na na na na na na)
Fix your bent antenna tune it in and then I'm gonna
Enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing "Attention Please" feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
I'm nuisance, who sent, you sent for me? 


Chours x2 
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy, 'cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy, 'cause it feels so empty without me


[Verse 3]
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit that shit.
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, and Moby
You can get stomped by Obie, you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me, you're too old let go it's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since
Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting, but it's just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black Music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
There's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea it'd be so empty without me 


Chours x2 
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me 'Cause we need a little controversy, 'cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy, 'cause it feels so empty without me

(Na na na na na Na na na na na na na na na an na na  na na la la... X2 )"Kids"
(Hook)

You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can pull all the cards
But I won't back down, oh no I won't back down, oh no

(Verse 1)

Cadillacs appeals, Coupe Deville's
Brain dead rims, yeah stupid wheels
Girl I'm too for real, lose your tooth and nails
Try to fight it, try to deny it, stupid you will feel
What I do, I do it well
Shooting from the hip, yeah boy I shoot to kill
Half a breath left on my death bed
Screaming F that, yeah super ill
Baby what the deal, we can chill
Split a half a pill and a happy meal
Fuck a steak slut, I'll cut my toes off
And step on the receipt before I foot the bill
Listen garden tool, don't make me introduce you to my power tool
You know the fucking drill
How you douche bags feel knowing you're disposable?
Summer's eve massingale
Shady's got the mass appeal, baby crank the shit
Cause it's your god damned jam
You said you wanted your punclines a little more compact
Well shorty I'm that man
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man
I gave Bruce Wayne a valium
And said settle your fucking ass down, I'm ready for combat man
Get it, calm Batman? Nah, ain't nobody who's as bomb and as
Nuts, lines are like mom's cat scans
Cause they fucking dope bananas
Honey I applaude that ass, swear to god man
These mobs can't dance, maa show 'em how it's done
Spaz like a god damn Taz, yeah

(Hook)

You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can pull all the cards
But I won't back down, oh no I won't back down, oh no

(Verse 2)

Girl shake that ass like a donkey with parkinsons
Make like Michael J Fox in the jaws playing with an etcha-sketch
Bet ya that you'll never guess who's knockin' at your doors
People's hit the floors, yeah tonight ladies you gon' get divorced
Girl forget remorse, Imma hit you broads with
Chris' force like you pissed him off
Talented with the tongue motherucker, you ain't got a lick in yours
Hittin' licks, like I'm robbin' liquor stores
Making cash registers shit their drawers
Think you spit the rawest?
I'm an uncooked slab of beef laying on your kitchen floor
Otherwords, I'm off the meat rack, bring the beat back
Bring it to extension cords
Imma measure my dick, shit I need six inches more
Fuck my dick's big bitch, need I remind you
That I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig
You're addicted, I'm dope, I'm the longest needle around here
Need a fix oc? I'm the big shot, get it dick snots?
You're just small boats, little pricks
Girl you think that other prick's hot?
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
Before I sit back and let him get hot
Better call the cops on him quick fast
Shady'd right back on your bitch ass
White trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback
Trailer hitch if tats to the back, quick dispatch

(Hook)

You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can pull all the cards
But I won't back down, oh no I won't back down, oh no

(Verse 3)

Bitch am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rappin'
Does a bird chirp, Lil' Wayne slurps syrup til he burps
And smokes purp, does a wordsearch, get's circles wrapped around him
like you do when I come through, I'd like you to remind yourself
Of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic
Oh you're the kinda girl I can take a liking to
Psych I'm spiking you, like a football
Been this way since I stood a foot tall
You're a good catch, with a shitty spouse
Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
Gimmie good brain, watch the woodgrain
Don't want no cum-stain, bitch you listening?
Try to turn me down, slut I'm talking to you
Turn me back up, are you insane
Try to talk over me in the car, shut the fuck up while my shit's playing
I'm a shit stain on the underwear of life
What's the saying? when there's thunder then there's light-ening
And they say that it never strikes twice in the same place
Then how the fuck have I been hit six times
On three different locations on four seperate occasions?
And you can bet your stinking ass
That I've come to smash everything in my path
Fork was in the road, took the psychopath
Poison Ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash
So hit the dancefloor cutie, while I do my duty
On this microphone, shake your booty shorty
I'm the shit, why you think Proof used to call me doodie?

(Hook)

You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can pull all the cards
But I won't back down, oh no I won't back down, oh no
[Intro: Royce da 5'9"]
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (People)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Bitches)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Animals)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

[Verse 1: Royce da 5'9"]
Bumstickitty, bumstickitty, bum huh
I got that old rum-pum-pum-pum
A punk'll jump up to get him a beat down
At least sound, I sound like these clowns, like he sound
My flow all over the place, four-four in the waist, I'm so, so innovative
Po-po went away, I'll roll over 'em and make bacon
And call 'em a pig, won't you hop up off of my dick?
Words in the way, I'm at loss by him
I give you a JFK on the front lawn of MLK in the crossfire (Get down, nigga)
I have evolved into the lost diaries of the mob and the Rothschilds (C'mon)
I feel like God broke the vials and I am just layin' down inside 'em like caulk and tile (Q-Tip)

[Chorus: Q-Tip & Royce da 5'9"]
Man, here we go
I said that we live in the land of criminal
My era, my era, my era so original
Uh-huh, I survived it and that's a miracle, ah, man
'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself
Like Ice Cube said, "Before you wreck yourself" (Bitches)
Like Wu-Tang said, "You should protect yourself" (Animals)
I got 'em goin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

[Verse 2: Black Thought]
Yo, snappin' necks plus I'm live, in effect
I'm in the Slick Rick eye patch, but I got it from Hex
Rappers avoid eye contact, that's outta respect
For the god in the flesh, the ominous Indominus Rex
They be like, "You put the Thought on? Yikes"
If I told y'all once, I told y'all twice, that motherfucker is nice
I'm the king of the blood sport on mics
I'm from an era you had beef, y'all prolly fist fought on sight
Get your ass beat at the basketball court on spite
Then tell your wife to put your life support on ice
I'm the rap Pernell Whitaker, the honorable minister
Leavin' every amateur inoperable, I finished 'em
Makin' plaques outta they head like dead venison
Used to beat the battle to neck with damn militants
Spillin' over fabulous jams my man Dilla sent
Rap speak for me, I am the ventriloquist
I'm so stubborn, the government won't govern
That brother you spoke of, it just wasn't as dope, was it?
I'm cold buzzin', I never been low budget
The taste of your own medicine, here come a dose of it
I break free like Chesimard
Keep 'em guessin' hard while broads say my bars is like ASMR
All my dogs is out the reservoir
Top five, I'm where the legends are (Keep goin')
Live at the edge of darkness and light
One phone call, my youngins takin' flight
You a bark bitch, and never bite, long kiss goodnight
I stay heated, my people in the place needed
If you ain't standin' up for yourself, then stay seated
And they cheated, they lie like Amerigo Vespucci
I'm a miracle, I'm still super lyrical
Live from the Terrordome, loud like a megaphone
Thutmose the Third, seven inch, heaven bones

[Chorus: Q-Tip & Royce da 5'9"]
Man, here we go
I said that we live in the land of criminal
My era, my era, my era so original
Uh-huh, I survived it and that's a miracle, ah, man
'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself
Like Ice Cube said, "Before you wreck yourself" (Bitches)
Like Wu-Tang said, "You should protect yourself" (Animals)
I got 'em goin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Better hope an ambulance is en route
Papers are hand grenades soon as I pull the pin out
I am the Santa Fe, Mandalay and Orlando and Colorado and Columbine
All combined into one, I don't walk a line, bitch, I run
'Cause we don't got no time to waste, so come on Denaun
They called me, 5-to-9 and Thought, da-dun, da-dun
Then like a shotgun I'm ready to cock it on 'em
Leave these pussies stretched out like the Octomom
Never had no trouble keepin' up with the times
I just adapt to the climate, I treat it like my Levi's
When they ain't buttoned up right, I adjust on the fly
Middle fingers, put 'em high, that's why they call it a bird
'Cause you put it up in the sky
And I'm like a spider crawlin' up your spinal column
I'm climbin' all up the sides of the asylum wall
And dive in a pile of Tylenol, you're like a vagina problem
To a diabolical gynecologist tryna ball a fist, I will
Fuck you, just buy me, double timing the rhyming
I leave you stymied, that's why they still vilify me like Bill O'Reilly
I'ma show you what I mean when they call me the Harvey Weinstein of 2019
I'm a conniving, when I'm on the mic I'ma standout
Like a lime green wife beater with a knife out
I'm a sight to see, but you can see from the ring I'm wearing
Me and this game, we got married already
Had the prenup ready, fucked on her, should've seen her belly
She barely was three months pregnant
Bitch had it, gave me a baby, we named it Machine Gun Kelly
Now here's to LL, Big L and Del
K-Solo, Treach, and G Rap
DJ Polo, Tony D, ODB, Moe Dee, Run-DMC
Ed OG, and EPMD, D.O.C., Ice-T, Evil Dee
King Tee, UTFO, and Schoolly D, PE, and BDP
YZ and Chi-Ali, Rakim and Eric B., they were like my therapy
From B.I.G. and Paris, Three Times Dope, and some we'll never see, and PRT
N.W.A and Eazy-E, and D-R-E was like my GPS
Without him, I don't know where I'd be

[Chorus: Q-Tip & Royce da 5'9"]
Man, here we go
I said that we live in the land of criminal
My era, my era, my era so original
Uh-huh, I survived it and that's a miracle, ah, man
'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself
Like Ice Cube said, "Before you wreck yourself" (Bitches)
Like Wu-Tang said, "You should protect yourself" (Animals)
I got 'em goin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga)
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
[Intro]
What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you wish to be
saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls if or
which over. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
move up from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better.

[Verse 1- Eminem]
Come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to basement
And we can discuss statements thats made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music that we all enjoy the music you all accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to 89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossing 8 Mile into Warren, into hick territory
I'd like to share a story, this is my story and cant no body tell it for me
You will well inform me, I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a past I call it hauling my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious oh well known tracks

[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home

[Verse 2- Eminem]
I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitch hike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 mile and Van Dyke
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
Thats about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps
At Osbourne handing out some flyers, he was doing some talent shows
At Centerline High, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme
I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit with compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line

[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home

[Verse 3- Eminem]
My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool till your man MC Shan came through
And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the clan makes troops
It was rumors but man, god damn, they flew
Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice land swayed too
And we just through them in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next, X-clan debut
Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red, black, and green
With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butter, we would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all
We was being laughed at you ain't even half black
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flave clock we gonna have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement
saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the x clan's tape is...
Which reminds me back in 89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two time me and there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull it
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And thats the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the oh foolish pride girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that apologize
I was wrong cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a hoe

[Chorus x2]
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
[Chorus]
Who run it?
You know ya acting like ya don’t know
We run it
You know but ya acting like ya don’t know
Who run it?
You know ya acting like ya don’t know
We run it
You know but ya acting like ya don’t know
You know ya acting like ya don’t know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gonna bring more dough
You know but ya acting like ya don’t know

[50 Cent]
Now homie I say I run it run it cause I’m in control
Hypnotic hennessy a couple shots of patron
I have ya feeling aight, I get ya high as a kite
Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight
I ent settled the limit, I ent snapping and popping
Even though I’m bopping my head though I’m just standing there watching
I’ma hustler I hustle, you can tell that I’m paid
And I protect what I got, I’m in a house with my blade
Nigga you front you gonna get it, OK now maybe I’ve said it
Cause I want you to trip it, yea I be on that shit hit
You should see when I’m stuntin’, My flash is sposed to be warning
Push the grip see me rollin’, you can tell that I’m holdin’
I’m just doing my thang, you know the units the game
I got my grimey shady with me, you front you’ll havta get me
Off your ass, I’ll pay the lawsuit and laugh
Haha its not a big deal it’s nothing but some cash
Lets Go…

[Chorus]
Who run it?
You know ya acting like ya don’t know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gonna bring more dough
You know but ya acting like ya don’t know
Who run it?
You know ya acting like ya don’t know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gonna bring more dough
You know but ya acting like ya don’t know

[Eminem]
When me and fif’ got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It’s no pretend shit its friendship meaning this is assuming
This ent him it’s just media see the image is images
With the shit its new gimmicks, its jus blood in and blood out
When there’s beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out,
If there’s a problem we solve it, we don’t resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved
we should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
and wear it like a badge with honour, pass it around and share it
and let it go to whoevers holdin' the most current beef on their shoulders
and their soldiers got their backs till it's over
but tonight, we ain't comin' here to beef with nobody
we came to party, Banks, Cashis and Mr. Ferrari
so it's Shady After-mizz-ath back in that ass, you izz-ass [Yeah.. Come On!]
come hizzere what kinda fizz-uckin' position is that.. (Haaa!)



50 Cent [Eminem] {Tony Yayo} Chorus-

Who run it? [You know, you actin' like you don't know]
I tear the club up fo' sho
[This flow is gon' bring more dough]
And you know but actin' like you don't know
Who run it? [I said you know, you actin' like you don't know]
I tear the club up fo' sho
[This flow is gon' bring more dough]

And you know but actin' like you don't know {Cashis, Break It Down Now!}



Cashis [Tony Yayo] Verse-

Pistol play, ricochet, see where the victim lay
slumped over bleedin', JFK
HK to your chest plate
cave out and ride till the death, do you rep that way
forever i'ma be a Shady 7-4 Gangster
plus i survived everything you got in that chamber
i thrived off-a danger, jumpin' in all beef
you keep talkin' shit, now the squad called me.. [Banks!]



Lloyd Banks [Tony Yayo] Verse-

Enough holdin' back the steam (Uh), Em let off a magazine
Dappadon Cappa-queens, mixed in with Cashis Creams (Yeah)
started off with half a dream, developed into what you see
tellin' ain't my cup of tea, can't tell i'm a fuckin' G [Uh Huh!]
i'ma hold a 'Matic, when i'm at it, start static and you splattered
shit shattered, i'm a walkin' bitch magnet [Oh!]
spit it how i live it, live it all the way to the limit
and i'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it.. [Come On!]



50 Cent [Tony Yayo] Chorus-

We run it!
You know, you actin' like you don't know [Whoa!]
I tear the club up fo' sho [Fo' Sho!]
This flow is gon' bring more dough [More Dough!]
And you know but actin' like you don't know [Don't Know!]
Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know [Yeah!]
I tear the club up fo' sho
This flow is gon' bring more dough
And you know but actin' like you don't know

Who run it?



Tony Yayo Outro-

You know what this is..
Shady.. G-Unit.. Aftermath..
Lloyd Banks.. Cashis.. Marshall Mathers.. Ferrari F-50..
Its a movement.. You can't stop it..
Talk Of New York, Tony Yayo..

Go...
[Chorus: White Gold]
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn

[Verse 1: Royce Da 5'9]
I'm a product of properly hoppin' up out of that poverty
Profitin' all for coppin' and swappin' that property out for a possible monopoly
Try not to adopt my father's old philosophies
Same time I'm prayin' to God that everything works out at his colonoscopy
I'm walkin' across a suicidal tightrope intentionally
While the demons comin' out of me
Wifey's on the side of me talkin' sense into me
Without she, I feel incomplete mentally, she's been sent to me
Right there since '96, worse nightmare to side chicks, some things are just meant to be
Deal with life
This it for me, give my daughters a kiss for me
Y'all call this fame, I call this shit alcoholistic infamy
Targettin' my kids and babies through population and gun control
Shit make me wanna make a hunnid more
Make a bigot racist uncomfortable
If y'all against talk and reparation then I'm not against the thought of separation
While the politicians that are white and privileged ask how is this different from segregation, that's funny bro
The segregation is bein' told where I'm gonna go
Separation is bein' woke and goin' wherever I wanna go

[Chorus: White Gold]
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Never sold dope, from the gold rope
Wanted one though, they were so dope (Yeah)
Was a have-not (Yeah) 'cause my pockets (Uh)
Didn't have knots, I was so broke
On my last rock, for my slingshot
Better haul ass, don't be no slow poke (Nope)
Through the tall grass, run your ass off (Yeah)
Oh no, got your pants caught on the fence post
Getting chased, by them Jackboys, think it's 'bout to fuzz
Like a lint roller they wait 'til it's late, they will tiptoe
Through your living room window
Take your Nintendo and then skate
Making you feel like you got bent over and raped
Little boy, you're never gonna get no rope chain
Get your shit stole, and your lip swole, I became bitter
As I got a little bit older, my hate
Was making me get cold, and began to get a chip shoulder
Started to spit vulgar, my ZIP code had been skid row
But I ate every single beat that I spit over, the shithole I escaped
Then I began to explode, detonate, now the Eastside went schizo
Thought my name was B-side 'cause they flipped over my tape
And I won't hesitate
To get 'em all bent so outta shape
Oh shit bro, hold up, wait
I just tripped over my cape (Superman)
And I'm not gonna let 'em treat the paper like I'm chopping a letter
Dre'll tell you how I shred
So when you refer to the guy next to the doc, you meant shredder
Now the cops wanna set up roadblocks on my head, I
Got several bounties from feds in every county
I'm with a gal at a Checkers wiling
Bumping "Fuck Da Police" while I'm federales
This shit is like Romper Room
Why do I feel responsible for these kids?
All of whom I'm a father to
I'm a God to you, y'all better worship the water I walk on
Or y'all gonna meet your Waterloo
I get to flippin' the mic' as a murder weapon
I'm poppin' an extra clip, then cock and shoot, then I'm popping
Do not let me catch you slippin'
I will pop up and I'll take a spot from you
I'll get to doing what a leaky faucet do
But I ain't talkin' drip when I say that I'll get the drop on you
Singin' fuck all of you in Autotune
I am too volatile and too grizzly to bear
Yeah, shit is gettin' to where I can barely even sit in a chair
I bust my ass for this shit and I swear
It ain't even worth dissing someone so offbeat
That they can't even figure out where their words
Should hit the kick and the snare

[Chorus: White Gold]
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
Pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn
You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn
But I pray you see tomorrow lil' boy, you gon' learn
[Chorus]
The days are cold livin' without you
The nights are long, I'm growing older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone, but you're never over

[Verse 1]
If Proof could see me now, I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down, there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now
You try, it'll be them doors, Andre's phantom believe me clowns
That means suicide homie, you'll never throw me
Off of this course, blow me
Bitch I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all, I'm not just talking awards homie
And the balls in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world when you're the only
One with the balls and your shorts
To leave them jaws on the floor with no re-
Morse, remember that when they get to doggin' you boy homie
So y'all can just get to bloggin' about bologna
I'm not gonna stop the saga
Continue, no stoppin' the force Obie, I'm moppin the floors
With them, I keep tryna pass it, but they keep on droppin' the torch
And it won't be, long til this sport is O-V-
E-R, just blazin' and we knockin' them doors and no we
Ain't pumpkins on Halloween but we'll show up on your porch, so be
Careful what you say, there ain't no punks over here so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N-double-O-P
Let me guide you through the smoke G
If only I wasn't travellin' down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me

[Chorus]
The days are cold livin' without you
The nights are long, I'm growing older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone, but you're never over

And it don't stop (oh)
And it don't quit (oh)
And it don't stop (oh)
And it don't quit (oh)
And I miss you (oh)
I just miss you (oh)
I just miss you (oh)
Homie I'll never forget you (no)

[Verse 2]
For you, I wanan write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic, It'll put the dyna-in-mite
Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit hisself
Tap dancin' all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Yeah it's the best thing I could do right now for you Doody is to rap
SO Imma fuck til I die, yeah Imma do it to death
And itstead of mourning your death, I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new height, step on the gas and accelerate, Imma need two mics
Cuz the way that I'm feelin' tonight, everything I can just do right
There's nothing that I can do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped
Just finished the rhyming bust it, excuse the corny metaphor
They'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered
So God just help me out while I fight through this grievin' process
Tryna process this loss is makin' me nauseous
But this depression ain't takin me hostage
I've been patiently watchin' this game, pacin' these hallways
You had faith in me always
Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump, rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses, and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And Imma show 'em, blow 'em out the water slaughter 'em homes
I'm on so many bells the only place they can hit me is below
Homie I know I'm, never gonna be the same with you
I woulda never came in this game, I'm going insane without you
Matter of fact it was just the other night, had another dream about you
You told me to get up, I got up and spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you
You told me nah Doody you're not layin' on that table I knew
I was gonna make it, soon as you said think of Hailie, I knew
There wasn't no way that I was gonna ever leave them babies, and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need, for one more day to get through
So homie this is your song, I dedicate this to you
I love you Doody

[Chorus]
The days are cold livin' without you
The nights are long, I'm growing older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone, but you're never over

And it don't stop (oh)
And it don't quit (oh)
And it don't stop (oh)
And it don't quit (oh)
And I miss you (oh)
I just miss you (oh)
I just miss you (oh)
Homie I'll never forget you (no)
She says I am trash, but she listens to Tekashi (Damn)
Bitch, you lost me (Yeah)
Fair weather, wishy-washy
She thinks Machine washed me (What?)
Swear to God, man, her favorite rapper wish he'd crossed me (Yeah)
I love conflict, got a obnoxious (What?) subconscious (Yeah)
I'm afraid to unlock it (Nah)
Keep those monsters in the closet
I'm what an idiotic ('Otic) savant is (Savant is)
But I've been throwin' down gauntlets since that underground ruckus (Yeah)
Where I planted my roots (What? Yeah)
That's how I had a whole planet that roots for me
As in the group, and no one thinks dark as I think (Nah)
So imagine the havoc these black thoughts are to wreak
As in Trotter, I keep slaughterin' beats
Shout out to Beatminerz and T-Minus
But, me, long as I re-promise to be honest
And wholeheartedly, apologies, Rihanna
For that song that leaked, I'm sorry, Ri
It wasn't meant to cause you grief
Regardless, it was wrong of me, but

I be on my own (Yeah), head up in the clouds like Zeus
When they say, "You ain't the GOAT", I come down like, "Ooh"
But I got my head in the clouds like Zeus
Swear, I could see the game from a bird's-eye view (Ayy)
Bitch, you talkin' to a rap god (Ayy)
Girl, you talkin' to a monsta (Ayy)
You could give your whole damn life to the music thing
They gon' turn around like they don't love you

Yeah, they woke a giant up
So, when I get back on my feet, don't wonder why in the
Fuck is my head in the clouds (Nah)
G5 with the stewardess, gettin' head in the clouds (Haha)
Mile-high club (Why?), I give a flying fuck (No)
Punchline, I'm just tryin' to survive in this climate of vaginas (Bitch)
Who dyin' to cancel my ass like Aunt Jemima
Syrup, I'm a shit-stirrer, you're a dime-a
Dozen, said I couldn't do it
Hit Europe, kicked the door in, put a foot through it (Ugh)
Like a stirrup (Stirrup)
Used to have to sit and watch them bills pile up (Yeah)
Now, I just sit back and watch them bills pile up (Haha)

I be on my own (Yeah, woo), head up in the clouds like Zeus
When they say, "You ain't the GOAT", I come down like, "Ooh"
But I got my head in the clouds like Zeus
Swear, I could see the game from a bird's-eye view (Ayy)
Bitch, you talkin' to a rap god (Ayy)
Girl, you talkin' to a monsta (Ayy)
You could give your whole damn life to the music thing
They gon' turn around—

I seen them come and go
I've seen the hugest (Hugest) debuts ('Buts)
I've had a great view to see the (See the) game through (Through)
And, Drake, they're gonna turn on you (You) one day too (Too)
And the more you win, the sooner (Sooner) they do
They'll be calling you a trash bin
Sayin' that your new one isn't better than your last and
Even if it is, once they start to turn their backs
They ain't never comin' back in
They did it to Chance
Next they'll be mentionin' Future in the past tense (Yeah)
Or sayin' "Adios" to Migos
I ain't dissin', I'm just tryna keep this shit a C-note (Yeah)
Same people been tryna do this shit to me, so
I call them peephole
Because they're so easy to see through 'em (See through 'em)
But a fighter's all I knew how to be
I got the shit beat out of me (Yeah)
Tripped and fell and blew out a knee (Pop)
Popped it back in and hopped up like, "Fuck it (Fuck it)
Best two out of three", yeah
Man, I gotta be doin' (What?) somethin' right
I got eleven years of sobriety (Yeah)
So, the only bottom I'ma be hittin' is if it's sodomy
Wait, I mean, you would think that somebody handed a saw to me
How I'm choppin' these bars
They keep wantin' me to rap responsibly
When I'm constantly passin' the buck like the fuckin' Dollar Tree
But I'ma always remind you that I came from poverty
Black people saved my life, from the Doc and Deshaun
And all that we want is racial equality
R.I.P. Laquan McDonald, Trayvon, and Breonna
Atatiana, Rayshard, and Dominique
Eric Garner and Rodney King
No, we can't get along 'til these white motherfuckin' cops
Who keep murderin' Blacks are off the streets (Off the streets)
And, as far as squashin' beef, I'm used to people knockin' me
But, just not in my camp
I'm diplomatic 'cause I'm tryna be
Last thing I need is Snoop doggin' me
Man, dog, you was like a (Yeah) damn god to me
Man, not really (Haha)
I had "dog" backwards
But I'm startin' to think, all these people takin' shots at me
Shit, it's no wonder

I be on my own, head up in the clouds like Zeus
When they say, "You ain't the GOAT", I come down like, "Ooh"
But I got my head in the clouds like Zeus
Swear, I could see the game from a bird's-eye view (Ayy)
Bitch, you talkin' to a rap god (Ayy)
Girl, you talkin' to a monsta (Ayy)
You could give your whole damn life to the music thing
They gon' turn around like they don't love you.

~
[Eminem]
Here I Go
Lyrical
I have no Idea,what I'm doing
but i'm spiritual
on the mic perform
I tear up in ste-re-o
I'm like the grand wizard
Yes,I'm the Empe-re-o
I have no fucking clue
what the fuck I'm doing
but "Freifick,Muschi"
ur whole life is ruin
if u try to step to me
ur life's a jeopardy
cause i will seek you out...

Chorus [Stefan Raab]
Zucker im Kaffee
und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee
und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor
das ist wunderbar,Senior

(now its ur part again,its ur part again,its ur part again)

[Eminem]
Yes...here we go
break it down
i got the crown
i'm bout to take it now
yo,i got my man
and he's on the guitar
and when it comes to lyrics
i go so far
like a car that i'm driving
surviving a wifring
and i kick it so
so,fucking hard
now "Freifick,Muschi"
don't diss me regard

Chorus [Stefan Raab]
Zucker im Kaffee
und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee
und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor
das ist wunderbar,Senior
POS:
Smoothed out without the R and B
(Mercy) Come on!
(Mercy) Come on y'all!
(Mercy) Come on!
There's no R and B in this song
So come along fly children come along
Come along fly children come along
Come along fly children come along
There's no R and B in this song!
Pushed up a dame by the name of Crystal
Who flaunts to the point just like a missile
A habit wit ear kiddin' wit gold mags
And since she fancies facial hair she asks my name
(Hey baby what's your name?)
Now ever so fab I said I'm wala
Miss Wild who used to run tough wit Koala
She was a winner of my metaphor and she knew that
I said I'm gonna feed your mouth she said you do that
Now Crystal stops the jeep I think I'm mad fly
She used to have a man wit lots of mad signs
Her strut was guaranteed to make a gay smile
And in bed she had proved to be real agile
I show her to the lounge and I dined her
Then she gave me some digits where I could find her
I licked her like a stamp
Laid and sticked her like a champ
But the... um she gave me burn
I had to go see the doctor
(3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer (Uhhhh)
(3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer (Oh yeah)
(3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer
(3 days later) Skeezer skeezer skeezer!
DOVE:
Well it was thirty after nine and I was loungin'
Tokin' on some smoke that I was poundin'
I rang up seven up so we can skip to the mall
Thinkin' a good day to shop
But then we got stopped
A shooter man said "Yo this is a stick up"
A whole lot of dirt was 'bout to kick up
I had screens in my pocket
And man, tonight's my date
Wit Smokey Sue, now what was I to do?
In my head I'm thinking, 'Should I dodge the bullet?'
'Man this kid is bluffin' you can pull it'
I feared the whole scene,
The shooter didn't bluff
Now look at me now,
He shot my ass dead
(Yeah)
(You shouldn't have)
(I did, so let's get in the van)
(You shouldn't have)
(I did, so get in the fucking van!)
(I love you babe)
(I.. I love you babe)
(I love you babe)
(I love you babe)
Skeezer skeezer skeezer
Skeezer skeezer skeezer
Skeezer skeezer skeezer
Skeezer skeezer skeezer!
[Featuring Zhane]
[Never gonna give up on you]
We gonna do it like this
[Just a little bit]
Like that
[just a little bit]
Zhane
[just a little bit]
De La
[just a little bit] c'mon]
[Chorus]:
I'll never give you up
No I'll never stop
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' 4 more [2x]
It's that brown man from long islandin' shores
Got a way with women so I get away with yours
Because you're whole game's outdated
Which leaves all the pretty women heavily sedated
Mummy you can play your ripley's
Or believe it or not
I shoot gift like heron
With skills of gil-scott
Nights like sir lancelot can get heated
Prescribin' your vibe, love,
I know how you need it
[Chorus]: [2x]
I like to mingle sometimes
So I head out of state to find a couple of dimes
But a government rate can't settle for no nickels
Even pennies for thought for short
I need connections
With big bank selections
Securing all the sections
With sing-sing corrections
Seedin' like nature, escapin' like gas
Tell me how long this love is gonna last
Thinkin' fast might spoil somethin'
Turn a [?] to nothin'
[?] to your lady is special
Seen a bigger picture on the screen
But you're a movie, you move me
You soothe me like holidays, getaways
The brochure said do it
So true
It's not a hold hand mission
Cut the public display
Heard you're headed for the stars
Put the gazers away
Mine times out of ten
We cut to good friends
But when we on the tenth
We gotta go the length
I'm not a playa
Yet i get more play
Than a talk show shown
Cross the USA
Have em' moanin' out the vowels sounds
Ooh, eeii, and aahh
And how by now you should know me and my
Do members of the opposite sex
Have their boyfriend screaming out
We got more techs
Than that ball team in georgia
[Yo, he said he's comin for ya]
All because the ho wanna go to the casbah
[Chorus]: [2x]
You can get with
Some of these women
Some of the time
When your face is in the light
[?] stirred with lime
Is it a crime
To set your mind to death?
Resuscitated
See how many brain cells left
I feel your body's drawn to my positive
Don't even want a baby
If it's that easy to give
I live right around the corner
Three states away
Take a holiday
Come check me
Watch how I set the
Mood, check a movie on the tube
Get your belt mad loose like lee
Phone's turned way down
To avoid the beef
Or the questions
If she's the only one gettin' lessons
You're into crime faces, huh?
Well i'll play your capone
Suzy q got the grill
To make the cake chrome
Situation's gettin absurd
Hot on a plat
So work the format
See how we do that?
And you're figurin
We love on the rock
I'ma keep it up front
To maintain the stock
Displayin all the goodies
From your knuckle to knees
Make it hot like the island degrees
Now that's special
[Chorus]:
Please listen to this simple De La style I'm gonna sing
It's strongly directed to all the misery you're bringing
Now I'm not all about dissing someone else personnel
But there's no quota on your odor
That's right you smell
Now you might feel a little embarassed don't take it too hard
And don't make it worse by covering it up with some Right Guard
Before you even put on your silk shirt and fat gold rope
Please take your big ass to the bathroom
And please use
(A little bit of soap....)
[Featuring Q Tip]
(And rollerskates)
(And rollerskates)
(And rollerskates)
Q TIP:
Girl meets boy on Thursday night
Boy was high girl fly like kite
They hold hands until next day
Boy then lets go hit his way
Boy rules butt brags to his boys
Erection brings bad boy joys
Boy thinks of that big fat back
Big black fat love big black fat
Girl calls boy to stand him up on Saturday
Saturday
POS AND Q-TIP:
Saturday, it's a Saturday
It's a Saturday, it's a Saturday
Saturday, it's a Saturday
Saturday, it's a Saturday
POS:
Back once more with the wallop in the score
Must I ride and rip, should I make you rock your hip
Reviver of a roller-boogie in a rink
And sure to make you think about the times
To scope fun instead of fights
(But diving from a piece of metal sure to take your life)
Yo, slip your butt to the fix of this mix
Toss that briefcase, it's time to let loose
'Cause you've worked like heck to get the week in check
So unfasten that noose around your neck
Connected like a vibe from the wheel to the foot
Come on everybody dig the funky output
VINIA:
Five days you work
One whole day to play
Come on everybody, wear your rollerskates today
It's Saturday, Saturday
Saturday, it's Saturday
Saturday, it's Saturday
Saturday, it's Saturday-ay
(Is the word, is the word, is the word)
POS:
Now as you pump your fist I reminisce
To a bounce, rock, skate, roll
Fess to impress
Hey, pretty diamond, do you like the way I'm dressed
Cool, keep the faith and be my mate
'Cause all we need is feet
(And rollerskates)
But promote the hustle 'cause it keeps me thin
No need to talk, look who just walked in
DOVE:
(Is there a Dred on skates?)
Yes, man
(So kick the wham on this jam)
Oh Mr. Sprinkler, Mr. Sprinkler
Wet me for one, Mr. Sprinkler
I'm heatin' high-five in a daze, no split
With a yawn I trip to the dawn
Out comes the bodies following the one idea
It's clear, rattle to the roll
Hold back up the track, grab your rollerskates y'all
And let's zip on by
Zip-a-de-doo-dah, let's zip on by
Feed on a weed and we're feeling high
Sun is on thick and the cheese is rollin' quick
Come on, there's no time to hide
Season is twist, spinning and winning
No hackeysack, let let me in
Spill on the bottom away, but it's okay, huh
It's a Saturday
POS:
Now let's all get baked like Anita
Q-TIP:
Watch Mr. Lawnge, don't look at the peter
DOVE:
Feel on the fun, I'll feel on the
VINIA:
Hey, watch that!
DE LA SOUL:
It's a Saturday
VINIA:
Now is the time
To act the fool tonight
Forget about your worries and you will be all right
It's Saturday, Saturday
Saturday, it's Saturday
Saturday, it's Saturday
Saturday, it's Saturday-ay-ay-ay-ay-ay
(Aaoww)
(Saturday)
(Saturday)
(Saturday)
(Saturday)
(Saturday)
(Saturday)
(Saturday)
(Saturday)
POS: This is dedicated to all those hardcore acts.
DOVE: Yeah you know them brothers that we used to
look up to that fell the fuck off.
MASE: And now they doing all that R'n'B sh..(crocker!)
DOVE: You mean Rhthym and Blues?
DE LA SOUL: No! Rappin' Bullsh...
DOVE:
Connection A click what?
My dick chick
I smack a fish if you thinks
My connection ain't thick, dick
Headed like a punk whip
I travel miles with a rhythmic lip
I rock an Afro
In '83, gee, yo
And spray the sheen so I get a Soul Glow
I play the corner tough
And me and Mase pull puffs on a blunt
MASE:
Givin' high-five is what I want
So I puff a blunt, I don't front
I get spliffed, get a stiff
Then I go hump a stunt
Like a pimp pro
(Nah, man, a super ho)
That's cool 'cause I'm still an Afro bro
Yeah, I'm live for my life is hectic
Every hour, every minute, every second
I keep a level head and stay down to earth
'Cause I've been an Afro since birth
POS:
Yeah
Now I hold my crotch 'cause I'm top-notch
I run amok Sasquatch, and I like to eat live crab
I've got five beepers, you scab
But you can find me directly on the Ave
(You niggas cheat me, well who's that!)
My breath never smells wack
I eat the watermelon Tic-Tac
Before I kiss myself I always jump back
(Yo, gee, this track is stack)
(And you know that)
I do three flips
When a punk flip on my duke lifts
But I flex more strength when I'm asleep
On the other side with his main tapes
Make her dry her face, buy her gold earlocks
But I may, she flocks round me like a donut
She got sprinkles but I bite my way out
More brothers come about, try to scheme slick
But the Native Tongue's thick
Lick 'em real good, like a real hood should
But the fly tape let the car speakers shake
I ran a cop down, I smile a frown with a but
Show gold teeth, 'cause I ain't a vegetarian
Not scared of beef, sport a feather like Chief
Got a scribble pad, you can get these gonads
'Cause I'm big-willed, blow off like a seal
'Cause connection with the Afro is real
DOVE:
I be the gift of gab, but be a bro with a diss
Because it's tough to bluff a cab
No wonder Melle Mel is 'Rrrr-RAH!'
I play of tape of the son of La-di-da
My cousin Rilo sells blow, a G a day
Keeps his kids hooray, a size nine and half
I kicks my tricks, is to live for Island
I mug a mug vic, but I's cool, I self
With the quickness I bust the true slang
Show no pit to those who don't understand
MASE:
The Maseo got tailed with the big bail
I busted loose but now the blue goose is on my tail
I seen the ghetto go lower than it is
(He don't care, 'cause his nigga's selling crack to the kids)
My jeans are brand new, with twelve more
In the closet with my silk, and below
My 45 pack thick, draw quick
If a nigga starts some shibidibidit
My crib is uptown, downtown, L.I.
And another crib in Queens
I munch some cornbread, Boar's Head
My favorite porck chops and
A plate of collar greens
I chill with Shymel, Akeem, Jaheed
And the Rastafarians'll be the crown in
And the Poppa
But the connections are still a high-five
(Let's get busy)
[Posdnuos]
In America today
People think they know the way
Of the Soul
De La is on the road
To blink and clear the hay
Behind the line of inner fine
We've explained this time and time
Daisies don't mean everything
Daisies don't mean anything
But the word itself when broken up
Wears just a larger pound
D.A. stands for "T-H-E"
I is "Inner"
S is "Sound"
Y is "Y'all", that's you
Should see the Inner Sound
Will help you breathe
But still I sport a heavy sigh
When I have to explain

It's just me, myself and I
It's just me, myself and I
It's just me, myself and I
It's just me, myself and I

[Prince Paul]
So, you're just yourself, huh, Pos?

[Posdnuos]
Basically Paul, that's it

[Prince Paul]
You mean you're not a hippie?

[Posdnuos]
No

[Prince Paul]
Not even a half a hippie?

[Posdnuos]
Not a nugget

[Prince Paul]
Wait. What about you and Dove's parents?

[Posdnuos]
Straight up Soul brothers and sisters

[Prince Paul]
So what the full equation shows is "The Inner Sound Y'all"
Should be focused on, not just the word 'DAISY' itself

[Posdnuos]
Most definitely

[Prince Paul]
Wait a minute. Did you say 'Most definitely?'

[Posdnuos & Paul]
Rrrr-rah!
[Chaka Khan]
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh!
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh!

Chorus: Chaka Khan (repeat 2X)

It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin like you think they should - it's all on you

[Chaka Khan]
I don't care about what you think you see
the thangs you want to know when you look at me
God knows I done been through and paid my dues
Can't change how you feel, cause it's - all on you-whoahhha-ohhh-yeah

[Dove]
I wish that, you could be a little bit more upfront
Weigh the situation how you want (right)
The lovin that you claim is just a four letter word
The third letter's invitin so visualize the verb
You curve thoughtways when you're handlin the candleabra
so you sittin on the baby grand
Transmittin like you're made of man
but you paint a funny face like a chick
When I see you I'ma tell you quick that uhh..

Chorus 1/2

[Dove]
I can't believe we built this large pizza pie together
No pepperoni
Yeah you wanted extra cheese, sometimes I gave you extras
How we divided slices like the Red Sea theory
I was Moses hopelessly scorned by your thorn zapora
Tried to bring that fairy-tale life, you wanted horror
but my microscope couldn't see or cope with that
I had to bolt from that, and left you dead in the sea
It's better for me, I'm satisfied with reppin for D

[Pos]
We were certified hot, then dropped to lukewarm
Now we back up in the spot, claimin never been gone
Niggaz who cut us off, wanna reattach us now
(Them girls who brushed us off, say they want some #'s to dial)
Yeah I give that ass a number, and some lumber to pile
Now catch a curve from my kick (or show me lovin by brick)
So stick to the same plan, don't come shakin my hand
like we peeps, it ain't beef but be sure to understand
Between us, it ain't all..

Chorus

[Pos] You see them kids be schemin on what we done copped
[Cha] Always out there schemin!
[Pos] They steady fiendin for the moment they can get us off the block
[Cha] Why they always fiendin?

[Pos]
Your people might have your back, but you need to watch your front
Indeed, ain't nothin guaranteed

[Chaka Khan]
That's the truth! Things ain't goin like you think they should

[Pos]
A lot say they wanna walk in my size 10's
Aight then; here's a pair
Lace 'em up tight then you might feel what was dealt to me
You see ain't no young boys up in here; keep a clear head
Tryin to keep my pockets on stuffed - like deer heads
upon the wall, so all the gall we get from y'all DON'T FAZE
So mind your biz and walk away
cause I'm never gonna let you up inside my maze

[Chaka Khan]
I don't care about what you think you see
the thangs you want to know when you look at me
God knows I done been there and paid my dues
I can't change how you feel, cause it's all, on you-whoahhha-ohhhhh

Chorus

[Chaka Khan ad libs to end]
(I can just remember the number...)
DOVE: Just another area
POS: For me to patrol
DOVE: Just another area
POS: That shows I got soul
DOVE: Just another area
POS: For me to patrol
DOVE: Just another area
POS: That shows I got soul
I got soul you see I'm swimming in the De La
I'm in my hood man my manhood worries ya
I'm known for sampling of soul food
Off the old school plates
When I met up with my niggas from the 718
One the Jungle Bro, the other Questers from Queens
Yet I had the matrix of the 516 in my jeans
Still I sided with my funk to bring my second on call
For me and the Sheep, our mission's on the beach of 804
(You're runnin' on an empty tank)
But still get paid in full
(And get the girls)
Man, I'm packing gravitational pull
Bring the instamatic avalanche, my code intervenes
I'm out to scout the areas that remains to be seen
(What?)
DOVE:
Well, many many digits had me seeking in my Wizard
Man, who's ringing up my area (ooh) oh!
I used to shoe it to the bridge but that's gone
Like the 718's out of Vietnam
Sniffin' skypagers had me drugged
(Man I knew a psycho)
703's on my love bug
I made mates with the brothers up in 215
Crazy buddhas in my mind
My Chattanooga champ had me late for the camp
And my 202 keeps me marvellous
I guess Mars was my hideaway
But if the stars for a getaway...
POS:
Since I'm capable I conjure up a walk in this way
I slip a syllable for Aspen and a Chester souffle
I be the 919 seeker, 'cause ain't off logic
So when I'm with my crew I always have a place to sit
Due to this, a brother tries to play me
(Yeah, like one in 514)
Yo, some kid tried to flip on me
They instigated a brawl
(So we set our knuckles on stun and made them all fall)
Then I just laughed
(Ha ha ha ha ha ha)
(We whooped that ass)
And put the feelings aside, I know who I am
I cast the grain by the pound
I make sounds with the horn
When I colour the corn, caught the fit
And sit the two when honey slung the tip
DOVE:
Well I'm taking my finds to the 301's
And Im playing my flute in the rear kibbut
My man from the 908's, he don't like it like that
So I pipes till the sunshine hikes
A kettle of our master plan makes a Malibu idol
(God forgive me) Well, it's a hook
The third to the 0 to the 5 had top feel the vibe
When the 516 played convicts
MASE:
The man Maseo is here to put the habit along
And what you have, I'm 'bout to speak about your area code
Is it 918? (No)
Is it 212? (No)
Speakin' on 404? (Hell no)
What about 516? (I dunno)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
(Huh? What?)
POS:
Just another area for me to patrol
I got status 'cause I'm baddest with the paint
Giving upside down frowns to London wood 703
Her moms didn't like it, I had to let be
For the fact I lays bricks
'Cause my semen ends with the letter T
My seed is hard to submerge
I play the tack in the wall if my rear's not watched
'Cause some knuckle might just head for the urge
But I got Prince Paul in the Area
(Oh, it's like that now)
I got Hot Dog in the Area
(Heh heh heh)
I got the Violators in the area
(Aaah)
I's got the Violators in the area
(Aaah)
It don't matter where you hide, I clear up the fall
Cop the fuck outta here, you fake-ass fraud
Clear my area
(I'm going home now, I have been up all night.)
(I been up all night, it's still Friday to me.)
(Come on now. Hey, Ellory, I'm going home!)
(Bob to the bob, d-dang, d-dang diggy-diggy)
Intro:
Ohh there go that bullshit again
You heard that shit?
Nah I ain't hear that
That's that bullshit from the other day
They done took the Buffalo Girls beat and changed it all around
They playin themselves!
Verse One: Jazzyfatnastees
You remind me when I reminesce of you (yeah)
All the freaky things I want to do to you (that's right)
Rub me up rub me down rub me all around (what)
Kiss me here, kiss me there, kiss me, kiss me everywhere!
Tell me what the cost to get in line cuz you are mine tonight
Gonna give you all I got to give, as long as you rub it right
I will love you right (I don't care if you diss me)
I will do you right (I don't care if you don't want me) *come on*
Baby baby won't you be my baby baby
Be my baby baby baby baby baby baby (come on, come on, hahh)
Baby baby won't you be my baby baby
Be my baby baby baby baby baby baby (yo, hahh, knowhatI'mean?
gonna set it like this, what)
Verse Two: Pos
Now I forgot how to forget so I remember your face
With your pretty accent, wearin man-attract scent
Others fakin constantly stakin out pockets of dreams
Always tryin to sham too that's why they crave champagne
But the blame still remains not to be on you
I know your style and your love lasts Long like the Island I'm from
I'm on the drum man, and it's all good
Cause I flexed on your ex, make sure he understood
That you would, never again want to be his wife
So we connect lips to hips, and uhh, eyes to thighs
You're my so-phisti-cated, lady
All mine, if you wasn't I'd go cra-zay
Outro: Jazzyfatnastees
Baby baby won't you be my baby baby Yeah baby, this is uhh
Baby baby be my baby baby baby baby Posda on the microphone
WRMS rocks the best hey hey hey it's the fat man
Scoop Wonder ear in your hand
That was JFB, baby baby baby OHHHHHHHHHH bay-bah!!!!!!!!!
Ha hah!!!
I pick my nose wash my clothes and be back in a minute
With Busta Rhymes, the mighty infamous
Zhane, A Tribe Called Quest, nonetheless WRMS
Fat man Scoop, tryin to get this rap loot yeah
[Listen all you fellas here's what good love is]
[Listen all you fellas the kind she understands]
[Listen all you fellas then you won't have to worry no no more]
[Listen all you fellas you betta listen] [you betta listen]
[Listen all you fellas here's what good love is]
[Listen all you fellas the kind she understands]
[Listen all you fellas then you won't have to worry no no more]
[Listen all you fellas, you betta listen] [you betta listen]
Mummy I saw one day
She was on some fume vapors
Givin' me lip so I continued with the caper
Cat litter had me sniffin
Since outside the palace
Eyes sicker than aids
Game harder than a callous
Tried to enter in her shit
She had locks on the session
Tellin me how her last man
Taught her ass a lesson damn
Well, i'm not the mayor
I take care of my dimes
But I excluded I had nickels
Addin' up to her kind
Short stacks with a wristful of jewels
Sayin she didn't need a man
To make her out for a fool
Dig it, miss, my love is credited in cupid account
And if you need that extra help
Gigglin, figurin' I had jokes for her humor
Then she broke out with the words
About knowin all the rumors
"See, all you niggas rappin be like pedigree dogs
Thinkin you can have me leashed
Around your microphone cords"
Somethin 'bout her lit me up like july
And with them onions in the pants
I couldn't help but cry
Seemed lost in the essence
But i had to find my way to take
Action for the digits just to set up a date
Thought my shinin was on
I had the skirts in the bag
Until i took a bit of time
To peep the price on the tag
She said "I'm that salt and pepa
Who like pushin it to sisters
You need to get to walkin with it mister,
I think you betta listen"
[Listen all you fellas, here's what good love is]
[Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands]
[Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry no no more]
[Listen all you fellas, you betta listen] [you betta listen]
We was at some outside jam one saturday night
When this pretty ass girl got locked in my sight
She was a ghetto philosopher
Yeah you know the type
Thinkin' Mary J. and sade understood her strife
Caught me lookin', "Yo what's cookin?"
"Nothin' from around here
So don't approach or hope
To be the man of the year"
I said listen deer or rabbit or whatever the hell you be
I'm not the one to embarrass
But the one to emcee
I traveled the world q uarters on my relationships
Used and abused by hoes
So my royalty stubs
But above all
I brought my daughter into this earth
So I understand the need
Of women feeling of worth
She glanced deep in my eyes
And said "oh shit, you're ill
I like the way your mind
Moves around at will
Still, let me apologize for soundin so sassy
But you niggas act as if my ass
Has a sign that says harass me"
Her name was gail from the union of dale
I made her remove the shades
So her eyes could tell me the plan
Yo where's your man?
"Oh that nigga's past tense,
Painted bruises on my face
Haven't seen him ever since"
Gave a pinch to my bottom
And started rubbing my back
She said "i bet your ass is darker
Than a mobb deep track"
Only one way to know it,
And i was down to show it
So we jetted back to my crib to set it
She made it known
"I've owned thoughts of you
Since that song 'meeny-meeny'
Can't believe you're about
To be all up in between me"
Man, the flag was lowered
So my wood was raised
Followed a shielding of my building
To protect me from the blaze
This granted access to
Southern parts of her borders
Did you have her comin'?
Like the new world order
I caught her with the right combination
A good combination
Keepin' it in her hard, man
You betta listen
[Listen all you fellas, here's what good love is]
[Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands]
[Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry no no more]
[Listen all you fellas, you betta listen] [you betta listen]
[Featuring Mos Def]
Ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha
Ha! Ha ha ha ha
Ah ha ha ha ah ha ha ha ha ha!!
Intro/Chorus: De La + Mos Def
Now this goes out to all area clicks
Centralized and way out in the sticks
Remember to keep the De La/De La/Native Tongue
in the mix
Just like log cabin syrup my sound is game thick
Now this goes out to all area clicks
From manicured lawns to projects bricks/bricks/from 718 to the 51-6
Remember to keep the Mos Def/Native Tongue
in the mix
Straight butter hits, drop as a good as it gets/gets/straight butter
hits
Verse One: Mos Def, Dove, Posdonus
Now, come on y'all, get live get down
What we have is a brand new sound
So don't none of y'all just be misled
The De La's gonna do the body good like wheat bread
Shakin laces out of shoes, Mos Def bought the brews
Sittin indian squats to make that red tie knots
See I'm out to get the corn like in them rainbow pots
Swingin life like a hammock, invested like stocks
Via sinus complex, I aims to clog it up
Snappin by the pain as a crew hear the gain
We remain on your mind like skulls, not a golem
I'ma show it in the house all perimeters are blown
Native Tongue come through to make you say yes yes
This is the body Mos Def style fresh like baby breath
We are the killer combination with the size to administer
the beatdown to swell up all three of your eyes
Chorus
Now check it out, and ya don't stop
We got the big brother beat, ya don't stop
(repeat 2X)
Verse Two: Mos Def, Posdonus, Dove
I don't bug out I chill, don't be actin ill
No trick in ninety-six, Native Tongue gon build
But we be easy on the cut, no mistakes allowed
Cause to me, MC mean, make it clean
When I speak on groups and I'm smooth like gabba D
Tryin to hang out with Dove and catch love in Aberdine (word up)
I bag dimes like my man born on August 17
Life be nuttin but a river son I'm swimmin upstream
Playin wait up, with the data servin your ears
with information due to confirmation of the nation's most
wicked ways of livin, like them glassy eyed beans
Inhale to smoke the fiends, while bangin a table
Rated at the high point of the mass
Rippin MC's at the top of a class, occasionally
rippin some sucker's face
Or some suckable ass from a girl
It's a big brother beat for the wide wide world
I'm makin memos off these demos back in eighty-nine
Took you all on encounters of an unknown kind (right)
Did the hustle with a couple of us, but soon noted
That my niggaz buttered Benedict rolls, and then voted
I wrote in the dark so I could feel it like braille (uh-huh)
Heard the big brother beat, got locked with no bail
Came to set like equators invented, with the heat
Yo Mos Def how you radiate to make it complete
RIGHT *echoes*, so when I shine the light crabs wince
Manifestin for the future here in the present tense
No doubt, I love the sound biggin out off your Jeeps
Son I want the little kids bangin big brother beats
Chorus
We straight butter hits, we straight butter hits
Perfecta, perfecta
(repeat 3X)
Word up
Part One:
Yo man let me make some Cpt. Krunch
man alright
Yo man we have any milk?
Yeah what time is it?
I don't know what day is it?
Don't know well I'll tell you.
Well it was a Wednesday
me and Boss Hog was kinda hungry
like two eggs and a slop beef slice of lettuce
and a glass of milk and some cookies.
Spotted in the mist was a BK logo
what we said well what do you know
this chick thought I was trying to play fly
cause I had a pair of blue jeans on.
Young girl, won't you take my order?
she said, "Yeah, but right now I'm kinda busy...
can't you see I'm trying to put this band aid on my finger?"
Lingering, I could tell
she's a B-K mademoiselle
Ripped uniform and bottom bell
and some Jelly stuff on her sleeve
Look to this cause I had no name tag on my collar
could be pissed cause she's clocking 2.45 an hour
And then Boss Hog hollar
"Girl you better make this quick!"
She said, "I ain't your girl and I ain't your chick!"
I had an idea and lickity split
took my hat off and that was it
Dread locks fallen all over me and then I said
"Yeah now we'll see!"
And o' with quick velocity honey was mesmerized
"Ain't you that guy?"
"Aint you that GIRL!"
"De La Soul, right?"
"No Tracy Chapman!"
"Why don't you come over to the counter; and write me out an
autograph?"
Ha ha ha, I had to laugh
She was quick with the Bic just to get that autograph
But me and Hogg just laughed, and laughed
"What's the name of that song you sing?"
"Living in a fast car," I said
Forget about the order I made
I'll go get a slice of pizza instead.
Chorus: repeat 2X
Bitties in the BK lounge, All they do is beg and they scrounge
Bitties in the BK lounge (2x)
Part Two:
F - female
P2 - Posdonus
F - Excuse me, would you take my order I have to go
Shashawna's got a real job, dag don't you know!
P2 - Oh yeah, Now I recognize
The real real bitty with the fake fake eyes
Yo, can I interest you in some burgers and fries?
F - Yes you can, but you can keep your lies
cause you know you can't diss me
but your pissing me off
I know where you live and I know that your soft
You're as booty as they come [booty?]
and you dress like a geek
my shoes cost more than you make in two weeks
P2 - Look, you don't have to play fly in here
I can tell your fly by the weave that you wear!
But you must be aware that a fly can be swatted by a BK tray
By the way yo, here's yours
F - I know your just sweating me to kill the noise
of your polyester pants and thier o' so high waters
Look at what you do all day but take orders
You bow tie wearing, clocking and staring
I know your just upset because you cant get the rat/wrap
I think you Chubby for my man is living slack
P2 - Yeah, I know your man, the biggest punk in school
selling devil rock to the fiends and the fools!
With one hand that punk I could snap- the kid is so skinny...
F - But we be livin fat
P2 - Speaking of fat, would you like a diet soda?
Cause less fat on you would spare us all the odor
Better yet pour it down the pants and let the acid kill
the smell that should have been left to Masingel!
Let me make you a deal, take the soda free and jet
I got to much family to heed your threats
F - Are you a family man? [Word booty!]
Well I shouldn't be surprized
your sister's flipping burgers and your momma's frying fries
P2 - Don't even try that shit!
F - Oh damn look! [What?]
F - Here comes one more
It's your father he just finished mooping the floor
Now give them a hand, its the BK clan
So you can't talk garbage about who I am
P2 - well, arn't we living foul
Speaking of foul how bout some chicken for the cow?
Ops I meant you sorry for the mix up
but your stomachs always big from the sexual slip ups!
F - I could buy you and sell you for pennies, young man!
{You'd better!}
I think theres something you should understand
I try to be nice and help the poor make money
And since I know you need it, I'll go elsewhere dummy!
Now B-K workers is too damn rude
I think I'll go get me some Chinese food
JEFF: Yo yo hey man ain't you guys um Plug One? Plug Two?
Potholes in my Lawn? You're those weird guys De La Soul right?
DOVE: Yeah what's up little man how you feeling I'm Dove how you
feeling.
POS: Yo what's up man my name is Pos.
MASE: What's up I'm Mase. Yo shorty what's your name?
JEFF: Oh my name? Jeff. You guys are walking? Now rappers ain't
supposed to walk.
POS: Sorry little man, but you know...
JEFF: Jeff. I told you, my name is Jeff. If you guys are rappers,
where's your dukey gold chains? Y'all don't have no dukey gold chains.
MASE: We don't wear gold chains, we'd rather spend our money on
more important things like, women, necessities...
DE LA SOUL: And video games!
JEFF: Y'all are crazy. No chains, dag. Okay, where's your BMW?
You're not supposed to walk. Where's your jeeps, your Maximas?
DOVE: Maximas? Yo, Maxin' would break my flow. And with the cause of
gas, Jeff man, I'd rather take the transit that's mass.
JEFF: What you say? You are C-R-A-Z-E-E. Crazee. Don't you know you
can't be def if you don't have no gold? Or a car, man? What's up?
MASE: Who told you that?
JEFF: Everybody who's def has gold, cars, money, girls, clothes...
MASE: Wait a minute, wait a minute, shorty, you're buggin'. Do you
like
Plug Tunin' and
Potholes?
JEFF: Yeah that song's def.
POS: But we don't wear no gold chains, nor do we ride BMW's and
Maxes or Jeeps, yet you still think our music is def, right? Wait a
minute. Did I say 'def'?
DE LA SOUL: Rrrr-RRAH!
JEFF: What?
POS: Nothing, nothing. It's just that we don't deal with all that
materialistic stuff, but we still got what it takes to please and
supply our listeners, understand my man?
JEFF: Where's your beepers? Why don't you have beepers? Everybody
wears beepers. You have to have beepers to look down.
MASE: AAAUUGHHH! Little man is brainwashed indeed!
DOVE: Nah, nah. Beepers are the least of status situators, man. Plus
I find them ugly as parking tickets.
JEFF: You guys talk funny.
POS: Well actually our verbal is kinetic, so when released flow A to
Z is perfectly pitched in andvance in intricacy.
JEFF: Yeah you homeboys are really bugged.
POS: Wait a minute. Did he say...
MASE: Bugged?
DE LA SOUL: Rrrr-RRAH!
JEFF: So no car, no beepers, no gold. That's weak man, that's weak.
DOVE: Jesus, did he say 'weak?' Jesus, they never learn.
POS: Foolish mind, have I, have I.
MASE: Actin' like that lady!
DE LA SOUL: That lady!
POS: Peace, my brother...
There's a lot of people out here
Who just don't know
What plays a factor
In movin' heads and toes
It be them hits
Hangin' out of them stereo kits
Whether cassette radio or cd bits
Mix tapes from the best
Going on and on
Throughout the city grounds
To suburban lawns
Man we don't play
Even where we stay
Videos shows the visuals
Of jams today
Coinciding with the rhythm
Of the heart and neck
The brakes got you
In your proper context
You let your lex or your
Sixty-four suspension
Bounce away all your tension
En route to the club
Where girls need the quenchin'
Diamonds on your wrist
Sunroof top
But niggas out front
Makin' guns go pop
So the spot gets shut
But on to the next
'Cause your ears get vexed
When they don't get the fix cause
[These are the brakes]
It be your listenin pleasure
While you're doin your chores
[These are the brakes]
No matter where you from
It's for you and yours
[These are the brakes]
Bringing it back to the brakes
Like the 'yes yes y'all'
[These are the brakes]
So let it be your anthem
When you're havin' a ball
Well it's silly of me
To think that I
Would never get a chance to see
A piece of this pie
I sat dead in front of speakers
Thinkin' that could be me
Anticipatin' open microphones
So I could emcee
Had a catalogue of raps
Impressin' all the 'round-the-wayers
Before I went to bed
Included rhymes into my prayers
But that rhyme is all on paper
I want my song on vinyl plates
I dreamin' hits and doin' shows
Makin my niggas spines shake
Expectin' nuttin but a little bit
Of radio play
Gettin diced on 1 and 2's
By the best djs, hey
Time was kinda tight
But still i dotted on the line
And some expected me
To start buhlooning in the mind
Seein' spaces and places
That i couldn't pronounce
But still i had the pulleys
To make all the bullies bounce
With the blessings of the great
We took it from state to state
'Cause we landed on the good foot
And got our biggest brake cause
[These are the brakes]
A mother gets mugged
By her crackhead son
"That's the brakes, that's the brakes"
You're in the wrong part of town
So the shots make you run
"That's the brakes, that's the brakes"
Your best comrades put six tabs
In your o.e.
"That's the brakes, that's the brakes"
Your boyfriend made you a carrier of HIV
"That's the brakes, that's the brakes"
Now what's gonna happen
When the sun don't shine
I'm buyin tickets aboard
The caravan of love
Hey fellas
See, money don't make shots repel
I break woes and compose
Some rhymes to tell
So when the party's live
It shouldn't be beef
Or playin' indian roles
I guess you thought you was chief
Seems all broke up
And now you woke up surprised
Situation's gettin sticky
Dead in front of your eyes
We play the wall
Similar to tacks
Until the dj plays
The necessary track
In fact as the jam plays on
Out comes all your bread
To pay for drinks
For them girls you want to spread
Don't be mislead
When the brakes inside your head
And have you reminiscing
On them kids who got you fed
Until reality reveals a miss
Who wants to know
If you can play her real close
Out on the dance floor 'cause
[These are the brakes]
It be your listenin pleasure
While you're doin your chores
[These are the brakes]
No matter where you from
It's for you and yours
[These are the brakes]
Ringin it back to the brakes
Like the 'yes yes y'all'
[These are the brakes]
So let it be your anthem
When you're havin, a ball
Ah one two ah one two
Ah one two ah one two

"Breakadawn.. breakadawn.."
Ah one two ah one two (repeat 6X)

Verse One: Posdonus

I was born in the Boogie Down catscan
where my building fell down on the rats and
people sorta super wanna trip to the penile (penile)
While I settle off the shores of the Long Isle
My father's clean not mean my mind is clear when I transmit
I am the man ner of the family cuz the pants fit
I want to let forensics prove, that I can mends
Groove wit the thread from needle outta hay, wanna say
salutations to the nation of the Nubians
We bout to place you in that +3 Feet+ of stew again
I got the frequency to shatter Mrs. Jones' perm
I gotta +Hey Love+ all the honies cause they're short term
Tallyin the score I'm for the shottie in the jacket
For the brother he's a nigga when he packs it
So get your butt out the sling, I stung Muhammad float a note
that means I'm def, so like the autographs you sign until the

"Breakadawn.. breakadawn.."
Ah one two, ah one two (repeat 4X)

Verse Two: Dove, Posdonus

Aiyyo groove with the mayor, hazard on the sayer
Wave the eighteen mill', eat a still
sack or bag of troubles, make the single double
Loop the coin and join the minimum wage
I had a plan if I was the man, I'd throw the J
Lay it low and late night I get sessed
Uncondition my ways, of the everyday sunset
Wagin my days, to the one bet
Cause your breaks'll have the carrot of cakes, whether mine
Out of line, I breeze into the early mornin
Freak the WIC call and get a tap on my shoulder
cause the days of the breaks, be just about over
The arts of the six won't play my bag of tricks
I got the sevens in my pocket somewhere
Reasons for the Cheer All Temperature here
I keep it to the rear, and then I'm EXPLODING

I be the fab I be the fabulous but see unlike the Chi
I got the flea up in the name "ah one two, ah one two"
Can't no one bend my cousin from the Peter Piper like the others
latchin on to when I caught the fame "ah one two, ah one two"
Pass the task to ask me bout the Native Tongue again my friend
I tell you Jungle Brothers +On the Run+ "ah one two, ah one two"
I'm shakin hands with many devils in the industry
Believe the Genesis life fill with stills mean that I'm def
so like the autographs you sign until the

"Breakadawn.. breakadawn.."
Ah one two, ah one two (repeat 4X)

Verse Three: Dove, Posdonus

We in the mornin at the end, but in the end I be the is
cause in the mix, man, it's alright
Momma got the rhythm to my daylife
My pops gots enough so best to leave or sail the waves
to the Long I laid the anchor in the 'Ville
And how I relate, the same side of my gates
Paper days, mess up my mind, ground zero degrees
and the weather feels fine
You opened my eyes man, thought I had a man
But how could I eyescan, I wasn't around
I seen the states and played the dates in the far-far
Gathered the new, from the zoas around
Grew up with Mikey Rodes and played the codes
Sometimes I don't budge, without my cous' Fuzz/fuzz
A simple, "How ya do?" Ah check it from my friends and my crew
makes it definitely special

Now there's no +Shiny Happy People+ in the crew we play the rough
I got the huff, and puff, to blow the house low
You know the neverending factor while I'm over, tell a squid
I know an Enterprising brother, so report to the bridge
I bounce a ball with my left, a squid with my right
(Cause a squid is just a punk) Yo he deserved to lose the fight
I might meander 'cross your dream, travellin up the stream
Plug Wonder Wonder Why you're lonely tonight
We see the girls scream as if we're shocked by the live shell
Let's round em up and get em back to the hotel
motel, holiday, inn-fact!
I'm gonna let you know, once again, that De La Soul
is sure to show you we will hit the charter harder
than the normal rappin fool "ah one two, ah one two"
DOVE:
Hello
Meany meany meany meany (Say What?)
Meany meany meany meany (Say What?)
Meany meany meany meany mean
Meany meany meany meany (Say What?)
Meany meany meany meany (Say What?)
Meany meany meany meany mean (Okay)
Hello it's the soul
Troopin' in wit the Jungle patrol
And this one's about the KO's the knockouts out there
Who's holdin' my buddy
Hold up
(wait a minute)
POS:
Now just wait
We're gonna talk about Buddy on this plate
But before we let the herd out the gate
Make sure the all the levels are straight out the jungle
(The Jungle, the Jungle, the Brothers, the Brothers)
AFRIKA:
De La Soul from the soul
Black medallions no gold
Hangin' out wit Pos hangin' out wit Mase
Buddy buddy buddy all in my face
MIKE G:
For the lap Jimbrowski must wear a cap
Just in case the young girl likes to clap
Ain't for the wind but before I begin
I initiate the buddy with a slap
Q-TIP:
Now for the next
I'm the Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest
And when I quest for the buddy I don't fess
For my jimmy wants nothin' but the best (the best)
The best (Ooh Wee!)
Let's stick out jimmy and see what we can catch
(Stick em up, stick em up jimmy)
Next won't be needed unless
(Jenny wanna get right to the flesh)
(Sweet little woman, sweet little woman)
POS:
I won't lie, I love B-U-D-D-Y (why)
Cause I never let it walk on by
When it comes to me and Jenny I seem (very serious)
Like a big friend
Buddy is the act that occurs on the lip
when Jenny and jimmy start shootin' the gift
Boy let me get shot I won't even riff
AFRIKA:
Buddy buddy don't you know you make me go nutty
I'm so glad that you're not a fuddy duddy
Not too skinny and not too chubby
Soft like silly putty
Miss Crabtree I hope that you're not mad at me
Cause I told you that it was your buddy
That was making me ever so horny
Junglelistically horny
DOVE:
On the dial my buddy talks to me for a while
Plug Two is the
Q-TIP:
Q to her tip
DOVE:
On the A side and sometimes the flip
(Gotta gotta flip this record)
Buddy is the bud to my daisy tree
And the luuden to my do-re-mi
And the pleaser to my man Plug 3
(Plug 3 gets all the buddy)
MIKE G:
Behind my bush my buddy likes the way that I push
And like a champ just knock it on out
Never ever once sellin' out
(Oh let loose the juice)
My buddy helps me to
(De La my Soul)
Keepin' jimmy in total control
Without Buddy I'd be on a roll
(La la la l-la la la la, la la la l-la la la la)
Q-TIP:
Hey girl I heard ya lookin' for some good times
If you Quest from the Soul here's what we'll find
A whole lot of fun lots of fun together
Just like kissin' cousins (yeah that's kinda clever)
Close like bosoms, bosoms stay close
If you be my buddy I will toast
That we're like Ethel Merts and Lucille MacGillicuddy
You can be mines and I can be your buddy
DOVE:
The best buddy's in evening wear
Long lovin' less Tru know (he's in there)
I feel sorry for those who pay a fare (a fee) word to the D
I don't beg I just tease my buddy with my right leg
And when it's ready what's said is buddy is best in bed
AFRIKA:
Fly buddy told us all to get into a circle
Said don't worry cause I won't hurt you
All I really wanna do is freak you (she freaked us)
MIKE G:
And I watched and then I checked my swatch
To see the time
The Soul had formed a buddy line
And that buddy was (mine all mine)
POS:
Now when Tribe, the Jungle, and De La Soul
Is at the clubs our ritual unfolds
Grab our bones and start swingin' our hands
(Then Jenny start flockin' it everywhere)
Cause Jenifa just wants to stay aware
Yo fellas should we keep her aware
(Mmm Hmm, yeah!!!)
Ahh yeah ah ah ah
Prince Paul likes Buddy
Posdnuos likes Buddy
Trugoy likes Buddy
Mase likes Buddy
Wouldn't you like to Buddy too? Ooh
Prince Paul needs a haircut
Mase needs a haircut
Posdnuos needs a haircut
Trugoy would you please give us a haircut?
Prince Paul needs a luuden
Trugoy needs a luuden
Posdnuos needs a luuden
Mase needs a luuden
Everybody I want to just get a luuden
Paul has dandruff
Posdnuos has a lot of dandruff
Mase has big fat dandruff
Trugoy has dandruff
Everybody in the world, you have dandruff
Dante is a scrubb
Dante is a scrubb (scrubb)
Dante is a scrubb (is a big scrubb)
Dante is a scrubb (a super scrubb) (scrubb)
(And ya not gettin' the haircut either, scrubb!)
Chorus:
It's in the back y'all
It's on the wall y'all
It's in your head but it's not the fever
Now with the B I double L bill
We bill the par territories placing flags on terrains
Now I said it was yours so snatch the world back from Wayne
We did universally sparked the lid
Now these ladies love how we live
Got'em caught shit you already know looking so fly
That the dog that played spiderweb your up aliasing here
Sucker cats don't try to steer
Near this, wish you could bring it this way
Compliments of Wonder Y and my nigga David J
So the do, re, mi, fa, sol, la
Many reach to devour the stage, put the guts out the venue
Ah, shut up in your face no need to continue
I've been there, done that
Received it, won that
Yo stunned that, that's how you like To Sun frozed
Keep my shit in harvest like Farmer John grows crops
Hops, you'll need the whole ceiling to tops
I saw the empire, set your liquid to fire
Bim Blam set a flame to your fanny
Davis the surname like Davis the Sammy
A grammy, my concern is to earn for a little age
Next time, next rhyme, next phase
Chorus 2x
Now put your hand on your hip
Now put your hand on your hip
And let your backbone slip
And let your backbone slide
Now put your hand up on your hip
Now put your hand up on your hip
And let your backbone slip for the fever
Hey, ladies and gents reintroducing to you
Shootin' shit like hot asses at the sip of bean stew
Super fat come the visitor zoo
Peace to my homewood niggas and my man Tofu
I'm through evil that man do
Get some ass on the side so my love can shine through
Pull a cigar with crew, lean back and let it soak
Your holdin' on to my twelve dollar smoke
Man, it was Mase who laced the beat from up out the Earth
Leaving brothers hipnotized like Ootney Fonsworth
But I'm hip but no tized than that, clap to the break of dawn
Dada, wonder why it's hotter than hot
Why not knee, my Steve got niggas on the dick
They want to join the click
I hope that ass get a record deal
So they can feel what I feel
To overstand that ring ring, how you do is real
You must be from Italy 'cause all you do is roam
Microphone to microphone, lookin' for home
I write a poem to make the publicists flock the prone cop
China on stage so I don't need a spotlight
Should be tight like tupperwear supperwear, drawers of socks
Sippin' on gray pot yo scratch the pork chops
Cause nothin' here drops
We're goin' up, up, up, up, up, up, up
Chorus 3x
Huh (11x)
It's the fever
CHANGE IN SPEAK
POS:
Once again it's time to bite more soul
A flavor you will savor in your soul
Wax is distributed and then sold
So watch it turn bring your next of kin soul
P.A. Mase has rocked it on the console
Scream real hard until you blow your tonsils
Bang oh bang until you burn your shoe soles
'Cause you are now dancing to the big soul
DOVE:
Live is the motion of the soul step
Set the exposure to my one step
This scene'll last to the next step
All those in favor take a big step
True to the Soul, we'll never back step
In sense to that, we don't half step
Just as a reminder from the last step
Negative ones are lost in footsteps
Levels we've set will never go down
Competitions commence the step down
Those involved with peace who know the Soul's down
Can see that the Soul has got a new sound
Dance until you find yourself a new part
If you don't then I'll give you the True part
When received you'll see the real small part
Of the new way is no part at all
POS:
Pos and Dove is rarely caught not dressed in peace
Movements always walking round now stressing peace
When this biter should know true in peace
Instead they cause violence and shoot out beef
Still we are professing to be on a roll
Public cause this party going on the road
And if you crave sex, drugs and rock'n'roll
Sent by the Quest, Jungle and De La Soul
Give 'em a taste, Mase
[Flava Flav]
Look man! You're botherin me G
I got shit to do right now, aight?
This is for De La Soul, y'knahmsayin?
Word up I got shit to do you test tube baby! {*laughing*}

Check one two, check one two
De La Soul, is now back on the map
Long Island, is now back on the map
Good rap music, is now back on the map
Yo check one two, this is the voice of yours truly the Flava Flav
And I just want y'all to know, we ain't goin nowhere
Old school is here to stay BOY!

[Posdonus] + (Flava Flav)
On the outskirts, of what works
Live those who go for broke, and merk to get merked
Live by the sword and die by the semi
Not part of my ways, but stays right in my
N.Y. mentality for me to be the best
The current, the ones who weren't
pressed, to confess lies over hot joints
to sell to all who wanna hear some
(Young'uns these days got fireproof eardrums!)
They don't give a SHIT who's hot
Just long as you're not, pussy, and be the would-be King
But once crowned, the same wanna pull you down
(And what makes the world go 'round!!)
And I be the world renowned Wonder Why
Wonderin why you can't stand me
Is it because I'm the main Jackson
and y'all just Titos and Randys? (Yes, it is!)
Bless the kid who hold his own head and expect to last
At the same time, I want respect and cash
And a few paragraphs in them books
Tellin you how us Native Tongues made hits with no hooks
Rapped in every prefixes, gave birth to rap remixes back in '88
No disrespect to Diddy just settin it straight
Instead of zig-zaggin, got a degree in braggin
My daughter says I'm a teen, cause like a teen
my pants always saggin and I walk with a bop
The {?} part of my time, I walked from my pop
No longer on timey and was never on Loud
But cooked rhymes that make the Chefs of Wu proud
I'm top cloud to rain on your show
And still "anything goes when it comes to hoes" because

[Flava Flav]
Music (c'mon) New York (c'mon) Detroit (c'mon) c'mon down!
Miami (c'mon) L.A. (c'mon) Vegas (c'mon) c'mon down!
Boston (c'mon) Tucson (c'mon) Long Island (c'mon) c'mon down!
V.A. (c'mon) Portland (c'mon) Chi-Town (c'mon) c'mon down!

[Dave] + (Flava Flav)
Make you shake like, sunshine, naked shoe was once mine
Had bottom inner drawers and used to hit it from the mids
Fix your playground player or some kids'll
come stomp in your sandbox, swollen hands cocked back
No knives, no drama, no guns
No disrespectin your seed or Ma Dukes
I puke rhyme and you laugh, take a sniff
of these fricaseed raps on Carribean riffs
See last night's change was today's dough money
No time for your freestyles so roll money
No more whack albums with two joints
No more ballplayin rappers who shoot ya two points
(No more G cause I'm sick of your hip-hop!)
Your flows bore like seashores with no bitches
Switchhittin niggaz will receive no pitches
No diamonds on the field, just keep the game real
simple, see the God flows healthy
Wealth in the mind is like money in the bank
Exchange cash like thoughts in conversation
Thank you for your purchases, we dough out
and roll out the Kool-Aid, {?} see us pimp strut
Ain't really pimpin, I'm tryin to catch the bus
The Krush Groove ain't got shit on Cold Crush!
We dolly dolly babies cause we shootin cats
'Back to the Future' rap with Doc Brown shotgunnin it
And pantyhose your whole style and start runnin it
You dudes fiddle while we stay on the cello
The mush-in-your-room son, we stay portobello
Can't settle for the same picket white fence
I got dreams of barbed wire in front of factories pa
Still push the truck with the factories pa
I'm bound to wreck the whip and turn insurance out, make 'em shout

[Flava Flav]
D.C. (c'mon) Oakland (c'mon) U.K. (c'mon) c'mon down!
New Orleans (c'mon) Little Rock (c'mon) B-More (c'mon) c'mon down!
Memphis (c'mon) Utah (c'mon) Jersey (c'mon) c'mon down!
Atlanta (c'mon) Brooklyn (c'mon) Philly (c'mon) c'mon down!

[Flava Flav]
Yeah that's right! Flava Flav, with De La Soul
Act bold, and we knock you straight up in the hole
Y'knahmsayin? Six feet deep, that's the way that we keep, rollin
Y'knahmsayin? Operation tech sensation in the nation
Ready to take it to Penn Station, y'knahmsayin?
Yeah, ah ha ha ha {*laughing*}
Long Iz one is, that's where we is man {*laughing*}
De La Soul, you done it again!
De La Soul, you done it again! {*laughing*}
De La Soul, you done it again! {*laughing*}
Flava Flava, De La Soul, you done it again!
Cool breeze
Rock that shit homie
Rock
Lyte as a
Rock
A a a a a as a rock
Cool breeze
Rockin' it rockin' it
Rock
You gotta rock it
Keep on rockin'
Rock's the best
Rockin' music
Cool breeze
The king
Of rock'n'roll
Rock rock
This world for you
King Adrock
Rock those bells
I want
Body body rock body body rock
You are now rockin' with the best
I put this together to
Rock the house
Michael?
"I wanna"
Rock!
"With you"
Ladies and gentlemen!
We got De La up in the house tonight
They just walked up in here
We gon' see if they can come up here
and do a lil' somethin for us

[Dove]
Yo, it's star-studded in here
I'm on the moon like the first man
First can I grab is gon' get it
She all independent but want her throat wetted
Tight from the floor to height
See I saw the night, in dream bubbles I fiend to see double
so I sip until my bladder bust
You in V.I.P., so why you mad at us? (Word)
By-stand, I'm in the world fox-trottin
gettin my Fred Astaire on, follow my lead girl

Chorus: repeat 2X - (uh-huh only 2nd repeat)

Me and you come over, we
do it like the cha-cha, just
like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)

[Pos]
For all my niggaz runnin around like the mothership landed
Or is it because there's some others who handed
their daughters over to the night life
Yes we tryin to find a night wife to get wit
Interface with they whole clique, I force the draft
I get the first pick, run this easily
?? rule like D, Joey and Jay
Around the way, we're goin
but first tell all these women who ain't knowin

Chorus 2X

[Pos]
Yo.. I talk no shame upon this
I got aim all on this to shoot and score the trout
who's actin all cute and out of position while I'm wishin
to get her bottom limbs arched like a grasshopper
Puttin in work to make it last proper
Ninety percent of the time is on my mindframe
So I'm game to reign up to par
while my fam runs it cool up at the bar, I stay clearheaded
Lettuce enough cheese to get shredded
We like Navy Seals lookin for the gold
Our natural appeal got them others on hold
Them girls dealin with us tonight
Came with the large appetite and got served
Got nerve to think less, you can bless me and my kinfolk
Rushin up against my yolk-sac promote that
pimp play upon how we get it on for real!

Chorus

[Dove]
You see you hopeless up in the spot
Talkin a lot of champagne taste holdin 40 ounce pockets
Switch the sprocket to gear to top of the year
We gon' drop it like confetti on it, get ready on it
Her fast ass wanna get all Andretti on it
Makin my main man Poke like Trakmasterz
Blazin-trail, we Portland to Nor-ton
"Honeymoon" flicks don't exist in this
I sip a little left to twist spines together
Vertical hold, we gon' combine together (yeah)
Even if we spill the love
we got compliments up at the front door
Just tell em Dullah sent ya
Thirty minute Tae*Bo shit's how I bench ya
All on a Saturday night, step to life
I love the way Sally walk
Bow legged in a two piece steel, we live in New York
We live in New York

Chorus 1.5X
(Woah. Stay stay stay)
(Daisy! Daisy!)
(I love daisies I love daisies
I love pushing up your favourite daisies)
(Daisy!)
(This is Posdnuos the president of a paragraph)
POS:
Paragraph
President
President preaching 'bout the on tech
Known for the new step
Stop and take a bow
Amityville
Resident
Resident supported by the speaker view
Want to feel it in your shoe
Let me show you how
Platform
Witnesses
Witnesses, show you to my show-lab
Fill you with my vocab
Hope you have a spoon
Discuss
Contracts
You like the way I vocalise
And bring it to a compromise
My P.A. won't set up till noon
It's a DAISY age
Sun
Ceiling
Ceiling connects to the sun
Burning inside everyone
On a side, plug-a-fied sire
One
Million
Demonstrations have been heard
My hair burns when I'm referred
Kid shouts my roof is on fire
Go
Dancing
Dancing like a bandit
Psychics try to stand it
Keep it up until they burn a cell
Romancing
Romancing dialect in shows
Posdnuos creating flow
You say you didn't know
Oh well, it's a DAISY age
DOVE:
Pedal
Promenade
Promenade people to the providence
Dove will show dominance
Inside of every phrase
Rebel
Renegade
Renegade reaching only topflight
Can't find your new height
Think you need a raise
Dialect
Ultimate
Ultimate strings from the soul stuff
Copies always staying rough
Before they go to plate
Try a pack
It'll stick
Stick to you but won't deflate
Keeping all the levels straight
I tell you, mate, that we're top rate
'Cause it's a DAISY age
The speak
Motor
Motor is the heart beat
Sleeping in your car seat
Kept alive to every mile discovered
Complete
Quota
Quota sharp at 12 noon
Risen to a new tune
Positive is greater than negative
Image
Mirror
Mirror image don't contend
Vocals should be comprehended
Silver audience'll say what's said
Scrimmage
Nearer
Nearer to the goal line
Forget about the rose vine
The Soul will let you know it's time
And it's a DAISY age
(La la la la, lah)
(This is a DAISY age)
(Sing about, sing about the DAISY age)
(Let it rain, let it rain, rain on a DAISY)
(Rain on, rain on)
DAVE HAS A PROBLEM... SERIOUSLY
DOVE:
Yo Merc it's Dave you there?
Hello. Hello Merc. Hello. Hello Merc.
Hello. Merc hello. Hello. Hello Merc.
Hello. Hello. Hello Merc.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello!
Hello! Hello! Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh!
Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me!
Huh! Hah! Huh! Huh! Huh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh!
Feel the funk, baby!
[Common]
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh

[Chorus: De La] + (Common)
[Dave] Yo how the days of your life go Com? (I'm just tryin to be)
[Pos] That's it? (Stayin focused so my mind is free)
[Dave] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons
[Dave] If tomorrow come now (it might be too soon)
[Pos] Too soon?

[Common]
I want the boom in the back of the truck
Ain't nuttin the matter with a good dude havin a buck
With that on my mind, I'm on the grind, it pays
We break it down in these three ways, yo

These days, I travel the Maze like Frank Beverly
To the East, lookin for pieces of a better me
Responsibility of my man's felony fell on me
Celebrity status, make 'em think I got celery
Hell and I do sometimes, still the sunshine ain't even all day
(Yeah) The life of a baller, ain't even all play
I stack 'em, so the chips fall where they must
I ain't far from a Benz, or dude on the bus
Even when I don't have enough, still in God I trust
Said baby you're a star
Said I'm on the car, seen the jiggiest of stars
become dust, and one love become lust for the papers
Had you gassed now that - gas became vapors
Tricked your cash on ice; shoulda had acres
Now your, empire fell like the Lakers
So you're talkin to your maker
It's the nature of the business, they givin niggaz inches
Takin miles and mules, it's the wildest rules
I'm tryin to walk in the black scent of proudest shoes
Makin music that the crowds can use

[Chorus: Pos, Com] + (Dave)
[Dave] Yo how the days of your life go Dave? (With sunshine and shade)
[Com] That's it? (Tinted window grades and Kool-Aid)
[DeLa] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons
[DeLa] If tomorrow come now (that might be too soon)
[Pos] Too soon?

[Dave]
I want twenty-four plus on these
Put the pinto engine and the bus on these
I get that first class seat to escape the days
We break it down in these three ways

Check the life I got that antidote, canteloupe scent, bent back
in the sunroom froze, put your flick on pause (and pop a cork)
There's no occasion nigga it's just because
I'm celebratin for a hell of a day
Get these barbie filets on hot charcoal tracks, so black
Darko Pecoltrane plays them back
We them freedom fight kids who gon' ball and raise fists
If y'all down for the struggle, c'mon y'all, resist
Everyday script, I exercise cheek
Sixteen on the bar, I exercise speak (ha)
It's been a long time, Long Isle's on the map
While y'all stand on the corner, stoned like Chris {?}
Kiss back, watchin time - wrist back
Every second count but just finish this lap
You gamble on your life like casino slots
and cash out and still walk with a knot

[Chorus: Com, Dave] + (Pos)
[Com] Yo how the days of your life goes Merce? (Man I'm just holdin my head)
[Dave] That's it? (Shit, I'm also tryin to hold this bread)
[DeLa] Watch the problems of the world go by like balloons
[DeLa] If tomorrow come now (that might be too soon)
[Dave] Too soon?

[Posdonus]
I furnished the rooms, and mortgage on these
See them quittin ass rappers caused a shortage on these
The soul boys of big illa-noyz get the praise
We break it down in these three ways

My moms died from secondhand smoke; so I wish yo' ass would die
from them secondhand rhymes you wrote
Or shall I call them second rhymes - written seconds 'fore you enter the booth
Words thrown together with very little truth
And a select few can do it (true) you ain't part of them scriptures
And got the nerve to feel you want me out the picture
But I was never in it, I'm the frame around the flick
Or dishin in the mouth of your dame around my dick
Ladies and gentlemen, introducin Workmatic
One of L.I.'s finest, and this is "MY LIFE"
Which is filled with bad minutes and good hours
and, good months and bad years and with my peers
we struggle to juggle the shit
Family life and the music game don't easily fit
My lady wants me home, sayin rap tour three rap whores
and scores of scandal, even more than we can handle
Sometimes, the rhymes I say
Is the fly the currency to save the day
Can't turn it away, cause we out
to find presennce way beyond our measure, so baby don't pout

[Common]
Don't pout, De La Soul now turn it out
Don't pout, Common Sense'll turn it out
Don't pout..
DOVE:
This is De La Orgee...
(Various male and female grunting panting and screaming sounds
including...)
(It's in there.)
(Say you like it. Tell me you like it.)
(I like it oh I like it)
(More! More!)
(What's my name? What's my name?)
(Flip over!)
(Mase!)
(On your stomach. Put your face in the pillow.)
(Yes!)
(Seven feet. Seven feet long!)
(Cut it!)
(You like Jimmy? Tell me you like Jimmy.)
(I like Jimmy!)
(Speak to Jimmy.)
(I like Jimmy...)
(Cut the damn tape!)
(Cut it!)
Yo, this girl called me..
"Hi Pos! Heard your shit, back in style baby!"
.. heard the De La, said I'm back in style y'know?
Heh..

[scratching]
"You-you-you.. you need to stop"
"I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy
"Jam's off the meter yo, this {shit} is hot" -> P. Smith
"There's always ONE.. (ONE!)"
"Amateurs get hung with they own gold chains" -> Rebel INS
"There it is!!"
"I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy

[Pos/Plug Won]
The average MC sells terror
We nail terror up against the wall for target practice
Not one of your top five MC's
but I see clearly with ease you lack this
Coast to coast, we pop up on your scene like toast
playin host to your regiment
who rally to boast, but now boast no more
They got floored by the sight of my ledger print
I came specifically, to fracture yo' ability
to grandstand anywhere next to me
This is the year, when the true better man
keeps the cheddar and writes to his destiny (word!)
Timeless episodes of talent got me nominated
by the ones who hated me on spittin tighter
Salute these "Supa Emcees" for bein clever;
and never use the weed as a ghost writer

[scratching]
"I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy
"Jam's off the meter yo, this {shit} is hot" -> P. Smith
"Run a rapper through a maze like a experiment" -> Malik B
"Yeah, word up!"
"I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy

[Pos/Plug Won]
Contrary to popular truth, these youth are runnin scared
so in one stare they gettin strapped
Cash rules NUTTIN from below the belt
The dick choose to melt asses where them dollars at?
(Where them dollars at?) Musta been bitten by a rabbit
Actin silly like that; your pop culture need a diaper change
I'm snatchin the mic, like I'm lootin
with a whole lot of shootin while you're keepin out of sniper range
Your aim's to please, my aim's to freeze
you dead center in your tracks with your hands high
Ain't no tricks, we set it to fire like Hendrix
All the hard rocks at liquor spots
All over the scene, makin it messy
so we make a clean getaway to a better day
Can't say the same, for them cats who left the game
cause they couldn't claim the better pay
This ain't no masquerade
so the mass parade of people need to stop frontin
There's truly a few makin them hits
while us, we got our mitts closed cause you on the field buntin
Make it to third bass, but never reach home
The word is, your whereabouts is unknown
While we're that point of view, that you never really knew
with the stitch to keep the cut sewn (De La!)

[scratching]
"I declare that only live niggaz rap this year" -> Prodigy
"Jam's off the meter yo, this {shit} is hot" -> P. Smith
..

ROCK A BYE BABY!! ON THE TREE TOP!!
WHEN THE WIND BLOWS!! THE CRADLE WILL ROCK!!
ROCK!! RO..
DOVE:
I am Trugoy
A Dove like boy
Could wingspread
But instead
I will employ
MASE:
Me the Plug Three
Or Baby Huey
I eat up
All ketchup
For its tendency
POS:
I am Plug One
I'm 19 years young
I love peace
Well at least
I think we need some
Q TIP:
I'm Q Tip y'all
3 Feet produced by Prince Paul
This session
Was lessoned
By one Qualiall
GRANNY:
I am Granny
Thank discoriety
The 3, 4
Yo, no more
I need peace for me
CHINA & JETTE:
I'm China
I'm Jette
The Cue Cards we inject
We're crazy for Daisies
When we're on the set
PAUL:
Will rise, not fall
Definition, Prince Paul
The Mentor
Don't be sore
When I say
That's all
Now where the ladies at?
"Yo we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit yo hey hey hey
Now where the ladies at?
"Yo we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit yo hey hey hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
It's so real when we come through
Sunshine be on my sidewalk when i come through
Schoolly d like family reunions
Midday may, it's all lovin'
Take a walk down to d dot c
The war's tuggin'
And ain't no druggin'
My credit's a gain
While you searchin for some trick
To put the shit in her name
I be spendin on wall street
And buyin' boardwalk
Dodging problems of the world
Drawn out in white chalk
Peace, mr. war
I'm seein' all dimensions
But unlike your eye extensions
My vision don't blur
'What' 'when' and 'word's
Where the gossip occur
Heard i'm sexin' sade
And i bought her a fur
Battin' eyes at toni braxton
And i bought her a fur
Now i'm hittin' whitney houston
Oh, she bought me a fur?
Far-fetched like glass teks
And kiddie rolex
Soon comin'
But now it's time to kick the fun in
Now, where the ladies at?
"Yo, we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here, right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
I'm pourin out these rhymes
For them kids who ain't here
Stakes is high
But we gonna try to have fun this year
Before there were guns
There was native tongues on these plains
But others on
Without them being pawns in this game
'Cause a pawn in this game
Is left with no game to play
So, um, you best ta check
And hear what we got to say
Now if you came to party
Just let it be known
Now if you came to fight
You might get that head flown
By the one and only
Maseo plug third
J.D. dove plays the wall
As kenny cal spurts words
And a number
To a crew of dope girls from the woods
And not dope meaning weed
But dope meaning (good)
Like them west coast kids
Who be throwin' up signs
I hate a buster
Unless his name is busta rhymes
So check the way my mind moves
Over times and grooves
Got some money to blow
Wonder why wanna know
Where the ladies at?
"Yo, we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas, the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here, right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
(Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Uh huh! All right now! Oh yeah! Yo! Word! Oh! Yeah!
Uh huh!)
MASE:
Yo yo yo yo! We got De La Soul in the house the producer Prince Paul
P.A. Mase and I wanna know one
thing! Yo yo! You gotta show right up your hands let me hear you say
Aa ow!
(AA OW!!)
Aa ow!
(AA OW!!)
Come on! Come on! Come on!
POS:
Plug One on the mic P L U G O N E yo what's up you know about
Jimmy,
you know about Jenny, I want
everybody in this place, c'mon, say Plug it up!
(PLUG IT UP!)
Say Plug it up!
(PLUG IT UP!)
You got somebody next to you with some bad-ass breath, I want you to
tell that brother, come on, tell him "Take
a Luuden!"
(TAKE A LUUDEN!)
Say take a Luuden!
(TAKE A LUUDEN!)
Plug Two!
DOVE:
Sto-o-op! Here we go!
If you like to drink some soda, let me hear you say Coca-Cola!
(COCA-COLA!)
Coca-Cola!
(COCA-COLA!)
Stop!
PAUL:
Ah yeah, pump it, pump it, ah yeah, pump it up!
You if you got doo doo in your pocket, you got doo doo in your pocket,
put one hand in the air like this, wave it
back and forth, say doo doo!
(DOO DOO!)
Say doo doo!
(DOO DOO!)
Come on! Ah yeah!
MASE:
Yeah yeah this is Plug Three! This is Plug Three! Yeah! Say hoo!
(HOO!)
Hoo!
(HOO!)
POPMASTER HIGHT:
Hey De La Soul, you fucking lasagne heads, that's better than my
mama's
lasagne! Hey! Hey, come on! That was
freakin' A, man! I really wanna take it back home with me, you know! I
really get into your fuckin' music! It's so
excellent! Ah, you big sconzilli heads! De La Soul's so fuckin' great!
DOVE:
Let me hear you say 'I like to eat that...'
It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out)
'Cause i ain't got time
For hangin around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places
It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out)
'Cause i ain't got time
For hangin around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places
Extra extra
What's that all about?
I'm wishin the position
Of my loving's sorted out
I shed a tear cause i'm hearin'
Nothing new or particular
Status once parallel
Now it's perpendicular
And everything is just as clear as day
Realistically explicit
In the things you say
I guess a "bitch" in the batter's
Gonna make the flavor fatter
But you gots to keep it for real
Forget about your jewels and gems
You won't be needin
None of them
The tool'll fix the era
My mellow used to wear a
Namebuckle, now he chuckle
'Cause he earn a dime Quicker
Talkin bout a burnin'
Sippin on some malt liQuor
And all these kiddies
Wishin they were supa emcees
But to earn my "s"
I had to learn some less
About a crime'll make million
A dime'll make a call
I'd rather hop on the line
And drop a rhyme to prince paul
Cause it's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out)
'Cause i ain't got time
For hangin around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places
Hey kid
What's the word?
Man, it's all about mind
Keeping focused
On them self-mechanisms of rhyme
So no longer stand erect
'Cause your thoughts are drained
Walkin' round
Manifesting attributes of shame
Used to sQuabble for the mic
But now accordingly
We act
Unless a club can't afford the fee
We act
So name that any best man
To put us under
Created from the ground
Yet know nothin
'Bout the under
Take a glimpse
At them pimps
Playin record exec
Addin up all your zeros
So's to cut you a check
Saying why the blunder wonder
Could've g'd today
So you can put up some swings
For your seed to play
But a swing ain't that important
When the park's around the corner
Filled with life causing death
Greeting victims for the morning
It was the moment i feared
Nah, the moment i steered
Upon the right path
To know the right math
To over stand
It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin (and i'm out)
'Cause i ain't got time
For hangin around
When you're fuckin my love
In all the wrong places
[Pos]
I be that mind blessin blessin these lessons we've ignited
Want to bring it to my face man you're cordially invited
cause I've cited you posess no science in your thinking
So I'm gonna (never) you're blinking!
[Dove]
Fingers be pointin and leakin falsifyin the stink
You think I'm pink I bl l link with them shades of thought and think
(and in this corner be the hush) so play on William Rhodes
Cause at the sound of the bell my circle square controls
And all MC's best sweat, we bringin buckets of heat
[Pos]
So don't fret kid I let you lick the love I secrete, yo
Even my foes give me bravos, and that shows
total domination in this rhyme complication
[Dove]
Yeah the skill is a cinch I rock the womb with a mic
and in the days of the nickel and breast, I knew de yes yes y'allin
was the callin, clearly not for the gat
For combat, I bring a bag of my rhymes for the SAT
[Pos]
I'm Plug One-of-a-kind, for you people's delight
And for you sucker MC's, step to your knees
Ain't no second thoughts and all your thoughts are from Orion
I can tell that you a devil by them rhymes you're designin
Your play doggin tactics can't fuck with my facets
Just because you talk all that glock shit don't mean you can rock
shit!
Your identities on freeze
Just a form of protozoa tryin to cross them seas
[Dove]
See high horse riders gettin shot by the sheriff
Cause nobody's safe for crimes
And even all you skirts need to checkin in your upstairs attic
Cause Mase is smackin hoes if hoes is startin static
[Pos]
Now it ain't all good when your jam goes wood
So as a deterrant, I use mental current
Got them brothers shook, peep the look comin out of the face
Cause they all catch a bruise from the hits we make
Your fame and cars should be listed as magnets
Legends never die but they can get shot and killed
Ain't nuttin glitter when you're battlin MC's
you once imitated in a mirror so to down syndrome you kneel
[Dove]
The same status I heard, the same nothin
My ears fears the faulty locks tryin to lock down the stops
but I earn more than your Menudo or your Boyz II Men
While down syndrome keeps you immune to frequencies I send
Fresher than a sniff off havin them J in fifth
I identify with your rhythm
but I exist for more than just a Benz, so mends
I'm cuttin off my friends to keep a smile calicum iron grain
[Pos]
Let me tell you a little something about Soul (tell em son)
I be a piece of the East coast, so give a toast to
Plug Wonder why back in the day who soaked his words in jigga
So when I ran a phrase in June you didn't catch it til December
I'm a member of them kids from the inner city
Giving you kitties audible treats, you be aching for making
more money than a pagan holiday
Not from the PJ's, yet I still got something to say
[Dove]
Say what man? You gritty like a diamond grenade
For the cameo spot you tries to fool Parade
You acrobats flip the star gazin map, for alla that
you'll be the first to place, and ran it all to a waste
And all the style that you bring (gotta make decks bend)
You gotta rip it from the start (when the beats come in!!!)
DRAWN 

[Hook: Yukimi Nagano]
Shadow you're drawn, why don't you go?
In the corner babe watching the snow
Moving afar, rolling away
In the corner, believe, why won't you stay?
Won't you stay babe? Won't you stay babe?

[Verse 1: Yukimi Nagano]
Oh, I never know what come around
I never looked ahead
I'm wreckin' rules and it's pulling us down
The words I wished I'd said
Shadow you're drawn and you got your ways
Shadow you're painted red, red

[Hook: Yukimi Nagano]
Moving afar, rolling away
In the corner, believe, why won't you stay?
Won't you stay babe? Won't you stay babe?

[Bridge: Yukimi Nagano]
It's drawn, it's drawn
It's drawn, it's drawn
It's drawn, it's drawn
It's drawn, it's drawn

[Verse 2: Posdnuos]
One, two
Yo, I'm with the paper plate, hold
Too many dreams, a paperweight took a toll
Food on the floor, not on the wasted or knew
Or what's being pasted and know that it's not a copy
I own a prize instead of gas price
Lyrically wonder why I travel past the nicest
Born in a generation that don't generate patience
I travel too fast for you to clock me (time)
Not always a good thing
You can lose the love of your life to a lifetime of love on tour
I didn't mean to be a whore but my hormones
Had me like a fiend screamin' "What you got for me?"
Two words (I'm mortal)
But the fans slid 'em both together and remove the apostrophe
Hip hop's lords maybe but my ways needs laundering
Time's a-ticking, stop squandering!
[Dove]
In rap goes apartment leave your chart bent off of hits
And catch mad love with a mix
Scream on fire like grits and make sure the shine spits
Do away with all ignorance
Look out for the roaches and the pits Mr. Burns beware
[Mos Def]
I be the Mr. Bern like the Bernstein Bears
Keep it Sloppy like Joe cuz Joe don't care
But as long as I maintain savoirfaire
And the bums on the street chump change I spare
Keep it slick like James Brown hair, do
keep it raw like the Z Ave crew, true
The temperature's high up, or H-D
If the last thing's a booger you can't count on me
I'm a give a cockroaches, Mos Definitely
[Posdonus]
Now the apartment is getting kinda hot up in here
I guess a De La Soul jam's been placed in your ear
Added sugar to the thoughts of the inner-city circle
Who might have to hurt you on a night that's late
When you're in the wrong town picking up your date
I guess your date wasn't set on having you for a mate
Chorus: Dove
Sweet dreams are made of these
Who am I, to disagree?
I travelled the world and the seven seas
And everybody, say it's gotta be funky
[Posdonus]
We be the Suns party people rotate around the fun
(It's Plug One) One never played no guns
I specialize in never putting wool over the eyes
This is the tower of stain that wouldn't be surprised
if you didn't apply it to the ordinary skin
I'm a MC in love with the way-back-when
Match pens to pad, I be Ayamo's dad
Doing laundry to clean up on reality's fad
[Dove]
Now we in a sticky situation but we make it FON-KAY
And bring it back to the days of watching PU-NKY
Brewster, used ta, be in L.I. flats
With the bricks, jibbin this and that, upon tracks
[Mos Def]
We came to thank kids, not the blankets, but the towel
Shed love with the verb and the vowel
Move grooves like a bowel, De La representer
See funky is the way we keep it settin in your dreams like that
Chorus 2X
Teah yeah, gonna keep it real for the apartments in your area
Yeah, gonna move it like this everybody just funk in your area
Pos One's in your area, Maseo's in your area
Too much Plug, Two much Plug
Plug Two's in your area
De La's in the area
Attic entertainment
Peace
(Once again my friend the funky beat has hold and we going on down to
the A.M. for you and your friend sounds here tough on the ear You
know that coming at you so loud and clear so you have no fear we got
the voice of the people's choice the man with the plan who's got the
the groove that makes you move take your body higher set your soul
on fire playing so dance to the beat and move your feet, top
performers cold hardcore music deejays....)
(Ego trip, ego trip, taking a train to the ego trip)
POS:
Johnny fever, I won't catch
I'm Mr. Shockin' body rockin' finger pop I never stop
That means I run it to the break
'Cause I'm a sugar blizzard
I'll blow you like a chicken and stab you in your gizzard
Nah nah, let me back that up
I think I'll freakin' shoot ya
Parlay and smoke a L with my honey for the future
Man, I'm happy as can be 'cause I got my OE
Nah nah, let me back that up, let me back that up
Johnny fever, I won't catch
I'm Mr. Shockin' body rockin' finger pop I never stop
That means I run it to the break
'Cause I'm a sugar blizzard
So when I come girls run the tongue like a lizard
Yo, my style was created from the tapes of boys and girls
WHo had the second generation dubs of crews at Harlem World
Like the Fearless, the Crush, the Furious
Where I transform to the physical in the Latin Quarters
I was curious to how Kris and Scott blew the stage
Back then I didn't know you kept the ego front page
I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page
I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page
I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page
Like my man from Black Moon when he enters the stage
I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page
I didn't know you had to keep the ego front page
DOVE:
I got seventeen kids who speak to peak rhythms
And they all know I didn't come to make any sense
I heard Mikey Roads bust licks like
"Hey ma, what's for dinner?", spit cuss like a winner
Malibu down 'cause they can't see the standard I clown
Bundles and bags is sniffin' like
Dragons (ow) and dragons (oww!) and dragons (OOWW!!)
Hit the pit stop on the corner 'cause I see brothers flaggin'
Party on the moon but first I gots to spoon
It's wiggle your ass man, you made the jam jiggle like
Whoomp, not that, ain't it? I hit the elephant
Damn, Super Lover Man, your shit look thick
But first things first I'm gonna take it to the sea
The Chattanooga champ is gonna take it to the sea
I'm the employer, you're my employee
You gots to bust your ass for the cash money
Double on a bobo, Mr Bartender
Got to make this tree look pretty tonight
I'm on a kite, never trippin' on the ego
You know how we go, if I had a million bucks
I'd go buy me an Amigo, a house and a pinball machine
Slip myself some Spanish Fly and wet dream
Amazing how I zoom to the pervert mode
You wanna know why, you ask me why
(Why you trippin'?) (Good love, good love)
You wanna know why, you ask me why
(Why you trippin'?) (Good love, good love)
You wanna know why, you ask me why
(Why you trippin'?) (Good love, good love)
Do you wanna know why, you ask me why
POS:
Well you wanna know why, I'll tell you why
Classic example of a date rape
Check the moves in the laces so the shoes won't fake
Standing on the bread, honey take the moves to the head
DOVE:
Nah nah nah, just sit to this permanent
'Cause I'm a never movin', I clown it like
Get down, get down on the illegitimate
Yes I am the Chattanooga
I know this girl named Joelle, her mama drives a Cougar
POS:
Ay yo, I flaunt gets way beyond the bets
Little girl be cheesin' when I'm twirling her barrettes
I'm entering through the centre in 'cause she sweats
Now her Mister needs to see if my construction can be kept
I run it back to when I had Millie in the sack
Where she did the nothing 'cause her father showed her something
I ain't frontin', I'm mashing all the comp 'cause I'm thorough
Like crack, that's here to clear the inner city boroughs
But jump inside your mind so there's no escapism
Yo, De La Soul is here to stay like racism
You wack-ass rappers, they don't take much to see
If you don't sync with my mental
What the fuck makes you think you can touch me?
Well anyway, I'm levelling the masses, which gets me asses
Now tell me who be the tramp
Hey yo honey, what the fuck you riffin' about?
Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out
Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out
Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out
Hey yo honey, what the fuck you riffin' about?
Love should have brought me home but sex kept me out
(Lesson three, lesson three, lesson three, lesson three)
(Ego trip, ego trip, ego trip, ego trip)
(What you want, nigga, what you want)
DOVE:
I'm buggin'
POS:
E ghostbusters
DOVE:
Mercy mercy (ego trip ego trip)
Mercy! (ego trip ego trip) Mercy!!!
MASE:
Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!
Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!
Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!
Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!! Aaah!!!
DOVE:
Yep yep big trucker man's rollin' in town
How ya do how ya do
I got the joints to make ya...(JUMP!)
Because I'm headin' eastbound
Tired of the merry go round and around
And everybody's talkin' bout you're so funny
But they still tellin' lies to me
I got the trees in my backyard
And it's hard for them to tell a lie to me
And who's the foot, I'm the foot but who's steppin'
(Ain't no half steppin')
You know where I'm steppin'
Skirts play wit it cause I'm slick like that
I'm the greatest MC in the world!!
You gots to gimme gimme mine cause I'm heavy when I weigh it
Watch the way I say it (ego trip)
Change my pitch up, smack my bitch up
I never did it
The flavor's bein' butt but brothers ain't gettin' it
Get it; or else you're a goner
When I rolls over ya gonna have to wanna lamp
Cause it's the chattanooga champ
Takin' a train...Takin' a train...Takin' a train...Takin' a train...
POS:
Now I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
Well I'm the hourglass cat
Drug it out of jack
DOVE:
For jill
POS:
Cause I spilled the phenomenon
Pack the holes in my lawn
The girls in my saun[a]
Word is born I'm a livin' phenomenon
Well I'm a better brand cause I'm a superman
I run the block with my circle cause I'm nubian
I got the platinum rust, so don't even fuss
Cause DJ Paul, he's down wit us
Now people stop takin' my stylin' for a joke
I don't sassafrass I put the foot up the ass
Sometimes I'm fast, blow off like a seal
SHORTIE NO MAS:
When they reminisce over you
POS:
For real
Mase chopped the record down to the bone
And now Renee King is on my telephone
But I got the Ring Ring Ha Ha Hey Hey
SHORTIE NO MAS:
Cause this type of shit it happens everyday
POS:
I got to make me a connection so my imports stuff
(WORD!) Wo, word 'em up
Cause I'm so fly...
DOVE:
Yes on and on
I'm ins like (?) go buy my yacht
I got Gills like Johnny
Sail at 7 elf (well good for ya)
Bigger than bigs, dig it (I dug it)
Ways that amazes popes
I am the is equals is cause it's caught up
When the tides taught me the ropes
No weights for the baits (man I'll give you four)
For a verb unheard of (man gimme one more)
Alright you got it if you're special
With a dapper toe tapper when a lot's goin' on
(And ain't a damn thing happenin')
The answer to the riddle is me and here's the question
Who can be (fresh)
Who can be (dope)
Who can be (nice)
Who can be (beautiful)
Who can be (word)
Who can be....
POS:
Me be the Jericho turnpike bandit
Yes competition try to troupe my way
I sing the song you never heard before
I feed the famine in your mind
So mind ya manners baby
I run a line on ya
Lay ya on the springs then sway ya
All this and a condom cause I be a taxpayer
Promotin' of a moccasin I skin like Danny Boone
When I swallow hear the (gulp)
So give me room just give me room back the hell up
SHORTY NO MAS:
Back the hell up
Know what I'm sayin'
POS:
Or when I run the mic there won't be no delayin'
Pressure 40 does it like a Easy Bake oven
DOVE:
Blues got the muffin
SHORTY NO MAS:
Eat it
DOVE:
Blues got the muffin
SHORTY NO MAS:
Eat it!!
POS:
Intoxicate many wit my talk without intoxicatin' myself low
So I gots to walk slow but.....
DOVE:
Don't you get too hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigh
(Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip,)
(Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!)
PRINCE PAUL:
Somebody's cryin'?
I know somebody's cryin'.
Who's cryin'?
Yo, somebody's cryin' here.
(Trippin' down the fuckin stairs)
(YEEAAAHHH!)
(Biofeedback)
POS:
Ya go beats meats son Sheep
I can't cook but being a cook I'm servin' much to eat
I got multiple stabs of jazzy
Sassafrassy as I caught the fame of soul
Years after mama had me tell ya gladly
I plugged for the Tunin'
Which cause eyes to zoom in
DRES:
Which put your person into focus
POS:
No longer Kelvin Mercer but the Posdnuos
Plug One yo I found fun
In the scribblin' of speak
On a naked white sheet
Most recognized by my dark brown self
DRES:
Yo you found some wealth?
POS:
More in my mind than in my pocket
But I's got every Girbaud that ever sagged
I met some hoes, met some girls
Did a tour that took me all around the world
DRES:
Did a tour that took me all around the world
DOVE:
I hit the shines but I'm shooin' it now
Remember when the floor might have had a spine
Well it's all bent over
The DayGlo nigga gets the red door mat
It's a roller coaster
When your shit's burnt toast
Now Mr. Club Owner knows your jam
When your jam is tha jam
And there's a tab at the bar
My mindstate's great
No thanks I don't drink
I sip the bobo
Then I kettle it quick
I felt the heave in the jeave
Tap it in the basement
Diggin' my own understanding quick
Let me get the single out
Think Mr. Radio say the starlight
Is the same star bright
I'm thinkin' how a nine and a blunt is a switch
But turn out the lights and some will go bitch
It was one MC after one MC
Play the lamp post do the blow wit dynomite
Well it's okay and it's alright
Cause our birthday cake's external light
It'll all get graphic
People made of plastic
Look at the shine wit my 50 watt eye
But when I got the eye patch I hit the latch
I fame it to a name from Denver up to Maine
And lovin' deluxe
She won't catch me in no tux
Nah, man I won't honor the style
(Curious, curious, curious, curious)
DRES: How you doing, my name is Dres, listen...
SHORTY: Isn't that Posdnuos? Oh, my...
DRES: Baby, what's wrong with me?
POS:
Funny funny how time flies
When you have some light on the face
Cause the focus is the fickle
'Stead of fusin' I'm a use it
To the utilize the trickle caught the rush
But I play hush
While Andres Titus is the grabbin'
As a fan will put the hearts to mush
Lush Dalea would hear the public beat
The same way for Titus when he Blacked the Sheep
But as the Knee went Deep
To deeper off the charts
The album faded to black
That's when the amnesia starts
(Curious, curious, curious, curious)
SHORTY: Aren't you Dres from Black Sheep? What are you doing here? Who
are you here with?
DRES: I'm with my man Pos, you know Pos...
SHORTY: Oh yeah, Positive K, I.. I like him...
(Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush)
DOVE:
Hey boy, I watch that star man, shit's all in
Should I shot it or begin
I saw bootleggas no shinin'
I saw Big 4 go get shinin'
A typical flick was the moment
When the man said
"Ain't you?" Yeah I is 'im
Hush your mouth fallin' in cog
Caught the light being True dog
A fist of funk and I pocket that screen
In the scene or in between
Gimme but a little bit of the starlight
I mail my ass to the darkness
I dig it, I dug it
I dig it, I dug it
I wiz it, I was it
I wiz it, I was it
Oh Lord let me switch it off
Because ya find some'll do it all
For the light
(Stop jivin')
POS:
Greetings girl and welcome to my world of phrase
I'm right up to bat
It's a Daisy Age and you're about to walk top stage
So wipe your Lottos on the mat
Hip hop love this is and don't mind when I quiz your
Involvements before the sun
But clear your court 'cause this is a one man sport
And who's better for this than Plug One
Now you don't have to worry about me squashin' other deals
'Cause they've already been squooshed
Freeze a frame about moods the same which we can continue
Right behind the bush
You'll stay with me
Eye Know this
But not because of all my earthly treasures
Or regardless to the fact that I'm Posdnuos
But because
(Eye know Eye love you better)
DOVE:
May I cut this dance to introduce myself as
The chosen one to speak
Let me lay my hand across yours
And aim a kiss upon your cheek
They name's Plug Two
And from the soul I bring you
The Daisy of your choice
May it be filled with the pleasure principle
In circumference to my voice
About those other Jennys I reckoned with
Lost them all like a homework excuse
This time the Magic Number is two
'Cause it takes two, not three, to seduce
My destiny of love is brought to an apex
Sex is a mere molecule
In this world of love that I have for you
It's true
(Eye know Eye love you better)
POS:
Now it's time to let this rhyme style
Get somewhat poured in the mold
Take my hand and we'll pick my plantation
Of Daisies for a bouquet of Soul
Life will begin at the cut of a rim
Take it as filled to the rim as in brim
Squeeze your stoop like Betty Boop
We'll make Campbell's Alphabet Soup
And spell Plug One's within
Forward march is the say
When transistors will play
Come into bed is the mood
Dolby sound will be then top crowned
When I put the needle into your groove
I got a good thing
And in full swing
I show this in gifts, words or letters
But even without those three
Eye know you'll be close to me 'cause
(Eye know I love you better)
DOVE:
It's I again and the song that I send
Is taking steps to reach your heart
Any moment you feel alone
I can fill up your empty part
We can ascend 'till we reach De La Heaven
And in a spin we'll hit the Top Ten
Then we will meet Mr Stuckie
And Pos' brother Lucky will preach
Let the wedding begin
Shot by an arrow of cupid
Through the string of a G-clef
My dear, I claim you're def
And if you can hear me, by golly gee,
Trugoy is ready for what you posess
We could live in my Plug Two home
And on Mars where we could be all alone
And we make a song for two,
Picture perfect things and I sing of how
(Eye know I love you better)
(Thank you thank you and for my latest basket of cherries here it
goes baby!)
Mess up my mind mess up my mind mess up my mind wit the eye patch
Mess up my mind mess up my mind mess up my mind wit the eye patch
Mess up my mind mess up my mind mess up my mind wit the eye patch
(Everything I do's gonna be fine)
POS:
Channeling in sync so my would bring (WHAT!)
Wit dat causin' all fat I'm responsible for ya diet
(Keep it quiet!)
Yo I got beats. State this stitch on my national fabric
My daughter will speak the arabic that's how I lift
Levitate to my nation when holding up your nickels
I pie like crumble so I Don like Rickles
Like green on the pickle
My papes are the up master of the cabbage patch
DOVE:
Ya eyes got the latch
POS:
So catch the cut, I hold the rut
For the people's reminder when in Maseo Path
I be the finder of the patch
DOVE:
Can the cat's tongue slip, ya do the 'da dip'
Take the horse into the jolly ranch
Keep the hush
The good, the bad, and Uncle Tom, beat it kid
(Whoaaaa....!)
Do doo doo do do do do do
Show the sheep cause I found the food
When I string the man wit the eye patch
The eye patch
When I'm walkin' it and could ya make it go sha na na na
(Mmmmmmm)
POS:
It sniffs good
Punks show disguises when I'm standing in the wood
I be the in 'cause the brother holdin' glocks is out
I be the in 'cause the pusher runnin' blocks is out
I be the in 'cause the kid smokin' weed,
Shootin' seed which leads to a girl's stomach
Being 'bout a half a ton is out
Show the finger print
And give me good grief for my lumber
Pants will sag 'cause I'm licensed as a plumber
Feel the Plug
(Yo, something's wrong here)
Now give a shout
DOVE: Yo what's up, I'd like to give a holler to Big 7 off in the
Oakenone!
POS: And I bring an income in to my baby girl Twyla in White Plains
and
all my peoples out in Delaware.
MASE: Yeah yeah yeah, and I like to give a shout out to all those
rappers who dissed us on records, and I wanna
let you know you're still wack.
And oh yeah, I ain't mentioned no names 'cause you might f...
(All right. I'm sorry, I didn't know you were going back to that)
(Ecoutez. Ecoutez.)
[Featuring Teenage Fanclub]
Intro
Travellinnnnnnnnnnnnnn' at the speeeeeeeed...of thought...
Verse 1
Hey yo kids! (What's up!)
Remember when I used to be dope? (Yeah...)
I owned a pocketful of fame...
(But look what you're doin' now!)
I know well I know
I lost touch with reality now my personality
Is an unwanted commodity (believe it!)
Can't believe I used to be Mr Steve Austin on the mic
Six million ways I used to run it
I guess Oscar Goldman got mad
Cos I got loose circuits (so loose, sigga-sigga so loose...)
I be the Mother Goose with the eggs
That seem to be...
[Fallin'...]
Chorus
You played yourself x4
Verse 2
A-yo, pack my bags cos I'm outta here
Mama don't love me and my mama don't care
Read the papers the headlines say
"Washed up Rapper Got Some [Buck-kawk!]"
Lingo's busted while the guitar sways
B-side copy for the radio plays for somethin'
I knew I blew the whole fandango
When the drum programmer wore a Kangol
Never could be light, great fish won't bite
Fake, realise that I'm over like clover
No good luckin' so Mase beep the f(Hey!)ckin' beat
While the Teenage fan the heat
I bring it to the glues, paid all my dues
So what's gone's dead, let me use my forehead
Easy, pack it up, man, let me stop stallin'
Cos everything I do is like Fallin'
[Fallin'...]
Repeat chorus (many times)
[Featuring Mike G Dres]
MIKE G:
Ha ha! Ah yeah! Got it going on like a big old fat high hard on!
(Hooo weee!) Black Sheep in the house sweet daddy Mr. Lawnge in the
house my man the Dres in the house you know what I'm sayin'
Huey Love in the house long Posdnuos Dove Prince Paul the
immigrant
Lucien in the house. The house Dreddy Bear ha Mike G!
CHORUS:
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody
Come on everybody let's baseball
MIKE G:
Got it goin' on. Swing it over here! Ochay, ochay, ochay.
We gonna swing it over here, swing it over there. We gonna do the
baseball. Ha ha ha!
(Three feet)
POS:
A Nubian sprocket is the one
Plug One, cut the cap
Forward is the marcher of the chant,
To the clan, unless you slept
Willy to the Wonka of the feat
Smoke your blunt, but close your drapes
If we get fined by police,
Don't worry, yo, I got the papes
Toxic is the talk that I tell,
Tell the tales from the lady who's fat
Chris made the dope beat but no Bo Peeps
(And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)
CHORUS
DOVE:
Swing is the is of my step
Plug Two, groove a gut
On gets by when it's kept
Three miles to my step
Forgiveness to the foes is false
I cook goose and serve a plate
Position is opposed to a loss
No cost, no relate
Brother got a badge of his own
Because the link of the life is slack
This licks 'em down to the Tootsie Pop
(And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)
CHORUS
DRES:
Move over just a bit to the right of me
For I cannot see where the booty is
I sit, I'm looking out a foggy window
Crack it just a bit, yo this is showbiz
It's as though a pound goes around and around
So I give a pound then I do the step
Dres will be with Boca on the side
Can I crack a smile for doz who slept
Phonetics and kinetics perservere
Therefore I kick it
I took the L.I.R.R. but I did not have a ticket
Had some Chinese food but I didn't have a spoon
I had a dope rhyme but I didn't have it soon
I'm looking out the window
Day is filled with rain and gloom
Man oh man oh man I hope I find my spoon soon
Eating large fish 'cause I know it ain't cat
(And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)
CHORUS
(Rrrr-RAH!)
POS: Yo this is Plug One and I'm saying peace to Lorraine in Holland,
thanks for not having my baby, peace.
DRES: This is Dres. Danica, Boston, my first tight cushion, love you.
MISTA LAWNGE: Yo this is the Sugar Dick Daddy, I'd like to say peace
to my father, Bombed Out Brother.
MASE: This is Baby Huey Plug Three, and I'd like to say peace to
that mother a-ahem who stole my Pathfinder in front of the studio,
peace!
PAUL: Yo what's up, this is Prince Paul, I'd like to say what's up
to all the doo doo eaters and all the Kelvin Mercer look-alikes, and
I'm out.
(God damn!)
(Have a ball!)
Who you foolin.. only foolin (2X)

[Dove]
Yo, I stay cousin to this, introducing Mr. Dave Banner
Scannin proper with my sight muscle
This rap shit, is just my night hustle
My J-O's to stay fearin of my G-O-D
Whether what may, meet me at the front door
See the pressure got a nigga knockin shit off his desk
Cause of the stress I stack words make cats bruise they neck tissue
Stay pertinent to the issues
Cut your tag too close, display these verses tight, virtuals
sort of like we supposed to, pantyhose raps you run
Stay (?) like black folks some (?)
mostly fakin it, to make it

[Pos]
I play low-key til it's time for you to know me
Stir my lime with light, drink it down slowly
Holy shit! Now look what I get
A whole string of party people wanna run in my mix
In my world they wanna fit like melanin in a tit
Jam tight, they ain't my fam alright? They ain't my people
Them niggaz screamin fam til they rank measure equal
then vote, without leavin a note, and that was all she wrote
Arranged produced my slang's obtuse
but some distort, tellin stories like Mother-the-Goose
My true fam's (??) back since with Vince Mason
We'll draw on three, leave that body for the tracin
Ultimate high, like them drugs you be lacin
Coulda stood next to me, at the top of the key
but you had to play gutter, didn't want to climb
Now you find yourself talked about in my rhyme

[Dove]
While you fools claim corners, we gon' claim theories
Y'all some stickball niggaz, we the World Series
Been here, just pleadin the same case
ever since we spaced about "3 Feet"
Pinchin your ears, inchin for years
but you still stuck at the mezzanine and
we at the penthouse level with the same old rugs
same old tubs, same old tables and same faults
Same crew and the same old train of thought

Chorus: De La Soul

My guess you need to head West (who you foolin)
Thought we'd fall for your phonyness you're (only foolin)
yourself, thought you were down - it takes more than a smile
and a couple of pounds to be crew
Man you bound to get your tail caught (who you foolin)
Spreadin yourself thin see you're (only foolin)
yourself, thinkin all you need is the wealth
You need to peep your whole circle out

[Pos]
Yo, since Jam Master Jay been rockin without a band
and that sister k.d. lang been sexin without a man
we brought our ultimate plan to birth
Put in work for this game, it's not a game to me
We've been furnished the props
Now we out to furnish properties we own
That's right (so) cats might know we ain't home
My throne's threatened by fiends, try to do dirt
Play Tony Randall - have that ass cleaned

[Dove]
Unveiled I see your exhibition, y'all need to cover that
Fatherless styles, y'all really need to mother that
Same expose, different page
but when you see me in it it's the same old Dave

[Pos]
Y'all silly, you're just a civili', I'm a soldier
Troopin in this path til the death won us over
So if life is a party begin, to understand
just like the DJ, we stayin to the end

Chorus: De La Soul

How you think you gon' get away? (who you foolin)
Changin faces on the regular you're (only foolin)
yourself, big top status, paintin your face
Who you think you really gonna fool huh?
We watch, what we got so (who you foolin)
around on my premises you're (only foolin)
you, into thinkin you can break in too
my place, and not have to face, our position

Who you foolin.. only foolin
[Prince Paul]
You all have three minutes to do what you all wanna do
Yo, so speak as free as possible

[Chorus](x2)
Check the clock!
Watch me!
Come on!
Funky!

[Trugoy The Dove]
Bright everyday I wake up
Look at my travels they stuffed up
Ring go the telly which I pick up
Turn on the news as it screws up
Mase on the line to see if I'm up
Wrong thing to do at 5, I hang up
Lay on the floor sit and think up
Why the whole world alone is messed up

[Chorus]

[Posdnuos]
Woke up the same morning I felt fine
Took me a shower I smelled fine
Checked out the weather it looked fine
Made some breakfast, I cooked fine
My girl calls me, she's so fine
Wanted me to help her go find
Some shoes but I had work to define
And it was Tuesday, I had to take P-Fine

[Chorus]

[Trugoy The Dove]
Folks styling jokes get the time set
Movement of the tune growing and set
Positive it is and perfectly set
Soul go to show soon we all set
Slipping lunatics shipping one set
Meet us for these now we upset
Chance to spread word we at full set
Rhythym weighs more than your weight set
3 will be the number till sunset
Plug 1 & 2 now we all set
Dove praises flow in your headset
Flow De La Flow there is no threat
Categories carry difference in sets
Differences are equal to an offset
De La from the Soul and its kept set
Soul is the revivor, Masey you set?

[Bridge]
Watch me!
Put it there!
You got to get it!
Get it!
Shout now!

[Posdnuos]
My name's Posdnous and I'm above sink
The world is so out of synch
A lot of emcees can't play synch
That's why unfortunately they sink
But problem and speak are no way synch
We wash problems like hands in a sink
I hate to make this rhyme leave synch
But the reason De La bad is cuz we think

It took us a time but the crew's here
Activate a dance when you hear
A roll from the Soul like this here
And respond to the bond that assists here
Politics of speaking are intended here
And the president of paragraph will end it here
Cuz the 3 has completely lured here
That freedom of speak is assured here

[Trugoy The Dove]
Folly set the frequency in your show
While..

[Prince Paul]
Yo, you all only had 3 minutes!
POS:
(Mary had a little lamb)
That's a fib she had two twins though
And one crib
Now she's only fourteen what a start
But this defect is ground common in these parts
Now life in this world can be such a bitch
And dreams are often torn and shattered and hard to stitch
Negative's the attitude that runs the show
When the stage is the G H E T T o
DOVE:
Which is the one to blame when bullets blow
Either Peter, Jane, or John or Joe
But Joe can't shoot a gun, he's always drunk
And Peter's pimping Jane, and John's a punk
Infested are the halls, also the brains
Daddy's broken down from ghetto pains
Mommy's flying high, the truth is shown
The kids are all alone
'Cause it's just the ghetto thang
IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD)
POS:
Who ranks the baddest brother, the ones who rule
This title is sought by the coolest fool
Define coolest fool? Easy, the one who needs
Attention in the largest span and loves to lead
Always found at the jams, but never dance
Just provoke violence due to one glance
The future plays no matter, just the present flow
When the greeting place is the G-H-E-T-T-O
DOVE:
Lies are pointed strong into your skull
Deep within your brain against the wall
To hide or just erase the glowing note
Of how to use the ghetto as a scapegoat
Truth from Trugoy's mouth is here to scar
Those who blame the G for all bizarre
So open up your vents and record well
For this is where we stand, for the true tell
Ghetto gained a ghetto name from ghetto ways
Now there could be some ghetto gangs and ghetto play
If ghetto thang can have its way in ghetto rage
Then there must be some ghetto love and ghetto change
Though confident they keep it kept, we know for fact
They lie like ghettos form, 'cause people lack
To see that they must all get out the ghetto hold
The truth they never told
'Cause it's just the ghetto thang
IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD)
POS:
Do people really wish when they blow
Out the cake candles, and if so
Is it for the sunken truth which could arise
>From out the characters in which the ghetto hides
Roses in the ring supply their shown releif
Granted it's planted by their shown beleif
Kill and feed off your own brother man
Has quickly been adopted as the master plan
Posses of our people has yet to provoke
Freedom or death to them, it's just a joke
What causes this defect, I don't know
Maybe it's the G-H-E-T-T-O
IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD)
Standing in the rain is nothing felt
When problems hold more value, but never dealt with
Buildings crumbling to the ground
Impact noise is solid sound
But who's the one to say this life is wrong
When ghetto life is chosen strong
We seem to be misled about our dreams
But dreams ain't what it seems
When it's just the ghetto thang
IT'S JUST THE GHETTO THANG (WORD)
[De La Soul:]
Fresh from a bible belt town
That's what she's givin' up
Not really livin', just flesh comin' off a greyhound
Right at a blink of an eye he provides her with charm
Hides that he is a shark
Suggests a few apartments, never hints to the home
That's what he wanna do
She just wanna new zip code for an old dream
Lost in an appetite now the big apple might
Find her habit of a queen
Feel the negro that's filled with an equal match road
Destination unknown
She's Little Bow Peep
And her and her whole sheep gonna have their wool unsewn
Now the wolf give a push
Now watch her jump in with two feet
Blue heat don't know how to swim through the limbs
Everyone huggin' her, tuggin' her
Ride on the merry-go-round of four drinks and two white lines
Go fast with the fast life so she needs more
One fun fix, now a daily chore
Provide the score, written and produced so perverse
He's a pro well versed
Told her that the purse that she want
With the shoes that she love and the rent that she need paid
Can be earned with speed in a day
Escort on the high class side
Champagne glass rides
White snow waterfalls, oh how time flies
When you're flyin', crash and burn
She learned that her soul was dyin'
That's worth savin'
She's cravin' that bible belt town
So she crawls back on the Greyhound

[Usher:]
Next stop, NYC
Take your seats please
I know exactly where you're goin', I can see it on your face
I know how to get there
And I give you my word that I get you there safe
I don't need to check your baggage
I don't need to know your name
All I need to know is
By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed

[De La Soul:]
Fresh new Gucci belt, bound
Fast to the city scape
Dash to deliver fate
Stashed in this duffel bag, proud
It's no scaredy cat
Life was always spared in thy name
That the gamblers fold
No chips if the scramble got cold
But them warm cushions and them soft bus seats
Push that second thought along
Beneath the roof of a Super 8, he sleeps till it's night time
Then connects in the streets like a pipe line
In dark shades he supplies dark brigades
Of lost souls with his chemical morsels
He's no lab tech
He was born into a legacy stretched from Aztecs and beyond
Assets he was drawn to
Had him spreadin' the wool over his mother's eye
He's the black sheep
His pops career driven, he's the backseat
The man on the wheel that cruises on sunrise
That the man brought eyes to his pay per view
Kind of paper make a fool shoot his statement through
And take the label too
Till he's can't [?]
Till a pancake pocket change the landscape
Take a short visit home in the town
It's time to re-up, it's back on the Greyhound

[Usher:]
Next stop, NYC
Take your seats please
I know exactly where you're goin', I can see it on your face
I know how to get there
And I give you my word that I get you there safe
I don't need to check your baggage
I don't need to know your name
All I need to know is
By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed

By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed
By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed
Forever be changed, forever be changed
So watch where you're goin'
And this food you're chosin'
I don't need to check your baggage
I don't need to know your name
All I need to know is
By the time you arrive you'll forever be changed
Forever be changed, be changed
You'll forever be changed

[Outro]
Around me, bringing down, ah yea yea yea yea yeah
Life
This is dedicated to all my folks
Diagnosed with a bad case of that proper upbringin'
And never took the time to fall in line or follow
Or swallow the thoughts
Of the recognized committees who lurk throughout ya cities
Ya hood, ya town, no matter which type
You from the same type of people try to hold you down
Just because you tailor made for bigger and better things
Never missed a chance to move ahead of things
And what does it bring? I tell you for me
It brought jealousy in back wounds from all the stabbin'
Cats posin' as my fan just to get grabbin' what's mine
I'm livin' in times where my daughters are found around
Kids who can't afford thinkin' caps
But always found drinkin' raps and eatin' off beats
Claimin' laws of the streets, but who made the laws?
Everybody playin' rebel with no sign of a cause
Well I feel the world around me
I've found that others will bring you down, just to be down
You've got to make up your mind, where you want to be
Where you want to go with your life
With your life
I'm never singin' the blues but findin' the clues to maintain
And I been blessed to reign supreme over nearly every dream
I had, and I made it come true
I'm an imperfect man and I'm holdin' the clue
To perfection, it doesn't seem to matter what direction I look
I find people settin' traps
Tryin' to find the goal, without havin' any maps
Even friends of mine, jumped online, just to become my adversary
They felt they were entitled to the dairy I made
They don't come to chill or behave
And they got, toast ready to burn
Not learnin' to live, but they yearnin' to take what you earn
Well I feel the world around me
I've found, that others will bring you down, just to be down
You see, you've got to make up your mind, where you want to be
And where you want to go with your life
With your life
So quick to place blame, and deny the shame we bring upon ourselves
So many names held accountable for my own account
When a large amount was weighed, that I made and shaped
When I climbed I found
It was hard to find others around to point my fingers at
Which made me realize the truth
The biggest suppressor could be your own ego lookin' for an excuse
To plant roots, in a field of self-sorrow
To sprout and follow the first thing you feel
Nourishes your hunger to be respected, it gets hectic
And when I'm watchin' the news, and my daughter walks in
And choose to ask, 'Why were all those people on the floor
Sleepin', covered in red?' I told her
That they were lookin' for God, but found religion instead
Well I feel the world around me
I've found that others will bring you down, just to be down
You see, you've got to make up yo' mind, where you want to be
And where you want to go with yo' life
With your life, with your life
Oh, bring you down
Sometimes, you got to walk alone, alone
Oh, yeah, I need, ooh, to breathe
I need my space, to live
Y'all know, y'all know, oh
Well I, feel the world around me
I've found that others will bring you down just to be down
You see, you've got to make up yo' mind, where you want to be
And where you want to go with yo' life
With your life, with your life
Verse 1
I am Posdnous
I be the new generation of slaves
here to make papes to buy a record exec rakes
the pile of revenue I create
But I guess I don't get a cut cuz my rent's a month late
Product of a North Carolina cat
who scratched the back of a pretty woman named Hattie
Who departed life just a little too soon
and didn't see me grab the Plug Tune fame
As we go a little somethin' like this
look ma, no protection
Now I got a daughter named Ayana Monay
And I can play the cowboy to rustle in the dough
so the scenery is healthy where her eyes lay
I am an early bird but the feathers are black
so the apples that I catch are usually all worms
But it's a must to decipher one's queen
from a worm who plays groupie and spread around the bad germ
I cherish the twilight
I maximize, my soul is the right size
I watch for the power to run out on the moon
(And that'll be sometime soon)
Faker than a fist of kids
speakin that they're black
When they're just niggas trying to be Greek
Or some tongues who lied
and said "We'll be natives to the end"
Nowadays we don't even speak
I guess we got our own life to live
Or is it because we want our own kingdom to rule?
Every now and then I step to the now
for now I see back then I might have acted like a fool
Now I won't apologize for it
This is not a bunch of Bradys
but a bunch of black man's pride
Yet I can safely say
I've never played a sister by touching where her private parts reside
I've always walked the right side of the road
If I wasn't making song I wouldn't be a thug selling drugs
But a man with a plan
and if I was a rug cleaner
betcha Pos'd have the cleanest rugs I am.
Verse 2
The Plug Two brand with the flavour
in the flute watch the sniffin'
so a sack of shows in demand
I read the diction from the second page
I got the one-two gauge
baritone to the izm fan
Trees fall so I can play ground with my ink
So let me need ya to my ems go
I push the infinite and carry it
My carrier's the three over one
so my pluggins already know
Lick shots with moo
catch the boo
from a ghost in the heckling crowd
if I give a foot
Jack Ville caught a spill
when a still came from my mouth
I brought a head down south
I don't check for the noose and the neck
So I never tell my ems
that finesse is knocking at my door
I choose to run from the rays of the burning sun
and dodge a needle washing up upon a sandy shore
I bring the element H with the 2
so ya owe me what's coming when I'm raining on your new parade
It's just mind over matter
and what matters is
that the mind isn't guided by the punished shade
I keep the walking on the right side
but I won't judge the next who handles walking on the wrong
Cuz that's how he wants to be
No difference, see
I wanna be like the name of this song I am
Verse 3
I am Posdnous
I be the new generation of slaves
Here to make papes to buy a record exec rakes
the pile of revenue I create
but I guess I don't get a cut cuz my rent's a month late
The deeds of a natural
are seeds that are no longer planted
so the famine in the mind is strong
Tactics of another plane is now proven sane
Sane enough to let you know from within this song
I stabilize many cableized viewers
So my occupation's known
But not why I occupy
And that is to bring the peace
not in the flower but the As-Salaam Alaikum in the third I am
[Featuring Maceo Parker]
MACEO PARKER:
(I am Maceo. I be blowin' the soul out of this horn)
[Instrumental track with light tambourine/hi hat beat in background
children playing on a city playground]
(It's Delacratic)
If I want to I could jump off this building.
(It's Delacratic)
I could hold two pieces of doo doo in my hand.
(It's Delacratic)
I could call everybody in that room a rubberneck.
(It's Delacratic)
Come on please?
(It's Delacratic)
I can say anything that I want.
(It's Delacratic)
I could wave my hand in my air.
(It's Delacratic)
I could stick my hand up my nose.
(It's Delacratic)
I could hold my foot and count the toes.
(It's Delacratic)
I can do anything.
(Possie? Dovie? Masie?)
(Pass my bag.)
Intro:
Yeah yo
Hook:
To all my thrillas on the east (I can't call it)
To all my thrillas on the west (I can't call it) "Hello" scratched
To all my thrillas inbetween (I can't call it)
You're bearing witness to the best (I can't call it) "Hello" scratched
Pos:
Now other kids tried to be pros
Well I'm protein
And real live inserted inside rap and soul fiends
There's a million MC's in the world tonight
Who's not gettin' down cause they know them Stakes got High
And them Stakes got High cause yo that's how it is man
I'll take the Markie up outta the Biz
Just to hang up place the name onto headline
"Appearing live De La Soul" first up to shine
It be me
While I arose from the shores from Long Isle
While little girls sport swollen stomachs like they in style
While their man hairline recedes cause they fashion from dust
That's why we all lust to live and ah live to lust
(I send a scream to my nigga Busta Bust)
Down down will be some intricate word play comin' around
I'm not gay but I'm quick to say Mase is my man
We done rocked from NY to Osocka Japan
(From Osocka Japan) I land back in NY
So don't test the world travelers we off to apply
Cash the check cuase we knows the D
Peace to all them MC's who got a child and record companies to feed
Hook:
So all my thrillas over seas (I can't call it)
To all my thrillas makin' G's (I can't call it) "Hello"-scratched
Maseo:
(First tell 'em your name)
Introducing doctor Oman to your section
(And what you come here for?)
To say these rhymes in your direction
See your selection keep me frownin' crown you niggas (true dat)
Shared a bottle with my crew and takin' swiggas (who dat?)
Ain't no need to said no names we just revealin'
That my family keeps on top like a ceiling
Dealin' like a gamble ain't no ramble or roast
(I heard you showerin' shit from coast to coast)
So how you call it when you niggas alcohol it?
I be calm in the corner soothing stress like a sauna
Gonna (gonna) take my time (my time)
To raise my (Hey Young World)
Inspired by Rick and Vance Wright
Trying not to boogie with the devil take my lessons just to keep my
dance
tight
Phatter (fatter) than a waist 55 on the mic
And if ya wanna bug then do what cha like
And if ya wanna bug then do what cha like
Self expression makes it health for self aiight (x3)
Hook:
To all my thrillas in the north (I can't call it)
To all my thrillas down south (I can't call it)
And all my thrillas inbetween (I can't call it)
We about to be the hell out (I can't call it) "hello" -scratched
"I really had a ball" -scratched
Yeah!

[Busta Rhymes]
Ha ha ha-hah ha-hah ha, ha-hah ha-hah ha
Ha ha Flipmode y'all, whatchu talkin bout?
De La y'all, whatchu talkin bout?
Whatchu talkin bout?

[Dove]
Yo, you gettin stomped by the marching band
Keep 'em shook like spray cans (it's so hot)
It's so hot it'll make your face tan (ooh!)
Ace ban rap, the place the wasteland
Bit y'all in my mouth, but you taste bland
I feel fake niggaz and mince these snake niggaz
that hiss but won't bite - false alarm
And if it don't +Rockwild+ we fin' to drop a bomb
(Word up) +Strong+ grip on a mic like we +Stretch Arm+
I BEEN shine, you been warned and been torn
Get smacked for the B.S. you been on
Storm bad weather/whether or not you stay scorned
For ten years I've baked shit like hot potato
Rhymes still drippin like stu-b's, you groupies
need to show I.D. before the bust down
Touched down the God put 7 to your Zippo
and drop it on you heavy like a hippo
(Now you heard that?)

Chorus: Busta Rhymes

To all my dogs all the way in the back, ready to black
I.C. Y'all (see y'all) I.C. Y'all
Ladies get down shake yo' ASS around, I hope you know that
I.C. Y'all (see y'all) I.C. Y'all
To all my soldiers on the corner I.C. Y'all (see y'all)
Women doin what they wanna I.C. Y'all
To them people gettin pulled over I.C. Y'all (see y'all)
I.C. Y'all (see y'all) wouldn't wanna be y'all

[Pos]
It's the one and only effect, that you catch from a cassette
Straight wig out the world and girls we straight dig out ya back
with letters spellin out my name
All over your marquee, cause the spark is me
Currently we can be seen across your screen
Stayin wide-eyed cause you niggaz tryin to scheme
Welcome to the spot - I'm slaying with it
Chop it up and fit it inside your quart of rice
You speak ghetto falsetto on the mic device
Tryin to give me third degree, you just a third of me
Couldn't be the shit if you were a turd of me
A man tight with my funds, crush like Ricky D
who quoted Vance Wright - no one can serve us!
My squad advance heights quite superb
Just kick off your shoes - jump on the jock
It's been a long time comin this you NEED to cop!

Chorus

[Busta Rhymes]
It goes one (one) two (two) three (three) four (four)
Bounce so much I ricochet up off the floor (floor)
So raw shit the most raw you ever saw
Quarter after four, niggaz quick to bust the back door
Baby - open your blouse while I joust another nigga's spouse
Quick Jamaican dick style all in they house
I practice to be the all access, you see the fact is
my mouth dirty, so follow while I display the slackness
Yo, you see my slang talk straight from the slums
When I was young, moms put soap on my tongue, and yo-yo
Forever we gettin this CHEDDAR with the quickness
While I cast the spell on these bitches, you can be my eyewitness
Short fuse, nowadays Langston Hughes
We gettin money with whoever - even the Jews
The way we finagle and gain it must be all in my shoes
Fuck a nigga up with De La like (?) can amuse

Chorus
(Say party over here party over here)
(Say party over there party over there)
(Say party over here party over here)
(Say party over there party over there)
(Say party over here party over here)
(Say party over there party over there)
(Say party over here party over here)
(Say party over there party over there)
DOVE:
Hey yo you feel that shit (yeah it feels good)
Well it's that thumpin shit (well i'm soakin too)
I'll introduce the split (i'll be the go)
I'll be the get
Fixin with the ins for the outs we set
Hey shortie (yeah mister)
Make no mistake
I challenge the bang for a bigger rhyme bouquet
(you be buggin)
Well i bugs like roaches on rugs
Speaker of the bone like the speaks in my loans
Give me the night baby and i'll be good in the woods
Ya freakin my mind ya freakin my mind
I told the maceo bout the days that go (he know)
I know he know cuz he's out to get the gold
The Chattanooga cruisin' with the malibu shit
The bigger of the isa (cuz he is the shit)
I'm like hickory (dickory niggas)
I make you feel lost like high school history
Creator of the rhymin dominoes
Watchin drop it's the joint see
So hit me with the zsa zsa (indeed darling)
The coolest fool be the coolest fool
I know the watch be in the air but i kick a new bucket
Sippin it wit shortie so check the way we cuff it
It's that indonesia funk up in your trunk
Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob
Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob
Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob
It's that funky shit (in the woods)
That be beyond understandin (in the woods)
Yo we do it with the soul (in the woods)
Timber (in the woods)
POSDNOUS:
Punch that O for operator baby its a love solid
I been stylin abstract since loose leafs was the shit
Catch me breathin on planes where the gangstas outdated
Fuck being hard posdnous is complicated
As my pants play the sagatogah i can order sniffs of
Frequencies frequencies cuz i freak mc's with the rhythm rock live
(man i'd rather point a pistol at ya head and try to burst it)
No jive in the matter so niggas start runnin
Yo that native shit is dead so the stickabush is comin
(stickabush) it's comin (stickabush) it's here
Fuck the five count it only takes three to bring it near
So let me move ya won better as the salad is tossed
And get a taste of the mase that you thought was lost
I'm cautious wit my looks (in the woods)
Pickin them nines in my hair (in the woods)
Sniffin for the beats like litter (in the woods)
The plugs just can't be found (in the woods)
SHORTIE NO MAS:
Can i come off like the rest of em i think i should
Could i of course one verse now ya lost it
Found it realizing i came off it sounds mean
But pal there's a new kid on the scene
I got much soul on the down low tip
Lay back smooth one drink i'll be trippin
Never don't you dare consider me a fly gal
Pal i got props on a different tip
I recall back i go for mines i get the goods
Wouldn't you know forgot my compass i got lost in the woods
Found my way and i was out i pronounce every letter
And if i had the chance i'd do it better
I heard a holler down the way and now i'm out for the time being
Ya wanna be in but you can't see what i'm seein
Time and time my friend i stay gettin it on
And now they playin my song again
I got feminine style (in the woods)
I'm not tryin to be sexy (in the woods)
And no you can't knock the boots (in the woods)
A lot of things be happenin (in the woods)
top
BREAKADAWN
(ah one two ah one two)
(ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
POSDNUOS:
I was born in the boogie down cat scan
With my builder belt down on the rat can
People saw the super wanna trip to the penile
While i settle off the shores of the long isle
My fiber's clean I mean my mind is clear when i transmit
I am the manner of the family cuz the pants fit
I want to let forensics prove that i can mends
Groove wit the thread from needle outta hay
Wanna say salutation to the nation of the nubians
We bout to place you in that 3 feet of stew again
I got the frequency to shatter Ms Jones perm
I got a hey love other honeys catch me short term
Tallyin the score i'm for the shotty in the jacket
For the brother bee's a nigga when he packed it
So get ya butt out the sling
I style Mohammed float a note
That means i'm def so like the autograph
I'm signing to the break
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
DOVE:
Hey yo groove wit the mayor has it on the saya
We're either eighteen mill, even still
Sack or bag of troubles to make a single double
Loop the coin and join the minimum wage
I had a plan if i was the man I fold eject
Lay it low on enigmatic cassettes
I condition my ways of the every day sunset
Wager my days to the one bet
Cuz your breaks will have the capital case whether mine
Out of line I breeze it til the early morning
Freak the wake call i get a tap on my shoulder
Cuz the days of the breaks be just about over
The arts of the 6 won't play my bag of chips
I got the 7's in my pocket somewhere
Reasons for the cheer or temperature here
I keep it to the rear and then i'm exploding
POSDNUOS:
I be the the fab
I be the fabulous but see unlike the chi
I got the flea upon my name
Keynova been my cousin from the peter pipe unlike the other
Latchin on to when i caught the fame
Pass the task to ask me bout the native tongue again
My friend i'll tell you Jungle Brothers on the run
I've shaken hands wit many devils in the industry
But lead the genisis like phil whick still means i'm def
So like the autograph i'm signin to the break
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn, breakadawn, ah one two ah one two)
DOVE:
We in the mornin after and
But in the end i be the its cuz in the mist
Man it's alright
Mamma gotta work into my day life
My pops got the up best believe we sailed the wave
To the Long Isle, I laid the anchor in the Ville
And how i relate i stay inside in my gates
Waitin days mess up my mind
Ground zero degrees and the weather feels fine
You opened my eyes man thought i had a man
But how could an eye scan i wasn't around
I seen the states and played the dates in the far far
Gathered the new from the zoa's around
Grew old with Mikey Roads and played the codes
Sometimes i don't budge without my cuz Fuzz
A simple how ya do
A check ya from the friends of my crew
Makes it definitely special
POSDNUOS:
Now there's now shiny happy people in my crew
We play the ruff i got the huff and puff to blow the house low
Ya know the never ending factor while i moss will tell a squid
I know an enterprise of brothers so report to the bridge
I bounce a ball with my left
A squid wit my right
(cuz a squid is just a punk)
Yo he deserve to lose a fight
I might meander 'cross your dreams
Travelin up the stream
Plug wonder wonder why ya lonely tonight
We see the girls scream as if was shocked by the live shell
Let's round em up and get em back to the hotel
Motel holiday in fact
I'm gonna let ya know once again
That De La Soul is sure to show ya we will hit the chart
Harder than the rap and bull
(ah one two ah one two)
top
DAVE HAS A PROBLEM... SERIOUSLY
DOVE:
Yo Merc, it's Dave, you there?
Hello. Hello, Merc. Hello. Hello, Merc.
Hello. Merc, hello. Hello. Hello, Merc.
Hello. Hello. Hello, Merc.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello!
Hello! Hello! Huh! Huh! Huh! Huh!
Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me!
Huh! Hah! Huh! Huh! Huh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh! Oooh!
Feel the funk, baby!
(When I)
(First heard)
(Criminal)
(Minded)
(I was in...)
(Damn where was I?)
(...seventh grade)
(Battlin' this other emcee)
(Smokin' a blunt and drinkin' a 40 down lower East Side with my
niggas)
(I have no idea where I was it was so long ago)
(I was on my way to a family reunion in a car on the Long Island
expressway when I heard it)
(Rooselvelt Projects)
(I was in...)
(I was outside of church when I was really little and I was doing the
wop with this girl)
(Red Alert played one of the songs on the radio)
(It was so long ago)
(Yo Merce, what's up, this is Hanson, man, I want you to peep that
out.
Yo, kid... I was at this party, this hype
party when I heard
KRS' Criminal Minded. I'll call you back, peace.)
(All right!)
(All right!)
(All right!)
(All right!)
POS:
Channeling, in sync so my what brings that testament
To cover twelve inches of funk
Flip like as if I was the Dalek himself
Specialising in cleansing like the its of
Elephants, Dove hits bibles out the park, man
Don't wven try to toss bleach, I'm too dark and
Major more soul than James' "Escapism"
De La Soul is here to stay like racism
Patrick know and I'mma put the pillow off the bed
As I lurk up on your thoughts while phones on your head
Riff a tech pro, flex Sue, running you the links
Scout weather, pouring rain outta duck's survive links
And if one winks for pink slips, the slips are short
Dull-minded as sperm, to give out for the souls I report
I sport too fly for the forty-ounce drinker
I sport too fly for a forty-ounce thinker
A fresh linen scent so sniffer on the two-inch
A talker of the berg without weed influence
So stick to you Naughty By Natures and your Kane
'Cause graffiti that I based upn the wax is insane
DOVE:
Grand groove, I wish I had the flavor bid
Give me six bottles of beer, I take the seventh one free
I got the chandelier, kick, constructed by my man
Little elf, big four gets the zootie for the self
Long Island living, what, twelve o'clock dawn
Jiggy-not see me so I trip straight to your porches
Mr Partymaker puts the boogers in your bottle
Straw it and drink, what bees gotta be's
'Cause I snort the crazy-crazies
Man, I kick the Franken-style, dig the bolts in my neck
Wreck, ship, boat, rock
Heavy metal grooves ain't the infinite
Here I hips to the hops
I'm looking for the words in the faces of a prince
That brother been down ever since soaked cheese
And motor go smiling
Hey, how ya doin'
Now, meet in front of Big Lou's fighting
Hey, y'all reminisce, six streets, little miles
Straight to my avenue
(Aaaah... aaaggh)
Six streets, went miles straight to my avenue
I'm headed for the bigger E, for the bitter OE, not me
Here's my Malibu, child, here's my Malibu
Buckshot honeys, dig a gun and go aaaahhhhh...
(When I)
(First heard)
(Criminal)
(Minded)
(I was in...)
(Damn, where was I?)
(...seventh grade)
(Battlin' this other emcee)
(Smokin' a blunt and drinkin' a 40 down lower East Side with my niggas)
(I have no idea where I was, it was so long ago)
(I was on my way to a family reunion in a car on the Long Island
expressway when I heard it)
(Rooselvelt Projects)
(I was in...)
(I was outside of church when I was really little and I was doing the
wop with this girl)
(Red Alert played one of the songs on the radio)
(It was so long ago)
(Yo Merce, what's up, this is Hanson, man, I want you to peep that out.
Yo, kid... I was at this party, this hype
party when I heard
KRS' Criminal Minded. I'll call you back, peace.)

(All right!)
(All right!)
(All right!)
(All right!)

POS:
Channeling, in sync so my what brings that testament
To cover twelve inches of funk
Flip like as if I was the Dalek himself
Specialising in cleansing like the its of
Elephants, Dove hits bibles out the park, man
Don't wven try to toss bleach, I'm too dark and
Major more soul than James' "Escapism"
De La Soul is here to stay like racism
Patrick know and I'mma put the pillow off the bed
As I lurk up on your thoughts while phones on your head
Riff a tech pro, flex Sue, running you the links
Scout weather, pouring rain outta duck's survive links
And if one winks for pink slips, the slips are short
Dull-minded as sperm, to give out for the souls I report
I sport too fly for the forty-ounce drinker
I sport too fly for a forty-ounce thinker
A fresh linen scent so sniffer on the two-inch
A talker of the berg without weed influence
So stick to you Naughty By Natures and your Kane
'Cause graffiti that I based upn the wax is insane

DOVE:
Grand groove, I wish I had the flavor bid
Give me six bottles of beer, I take the seventh one free
I got the chandelier, kick, constructed by my man
Little elf, big four gets the zootie for the self
Long Island living, what, twelve o'clock dawn
Jiggy-not see me so I trip straight to your porches
Mr Partymaker puts the boogers in your bottle
Straw it and drink, what bees gotta be's
'Cause I snort the crazy-crazies
Man, I kick the Franken-style, dig the bolts in my neck
Wreck, ship, boat, rock
Heavy metal grooves ain't the infinite
Here I hips to the hops
I'm looking for the words in the faces of a prince
That brother been down ever since soaked cheese
And motor go smiling
Hey, how ya doin'
Now, meet in front of Big Lou's fighting
Hey, y'all reminisce, six streets, little miles
Straight to my avenue
(Aaaah... aaaggh)
Six streets, went miles straight to my avenue
I'm headed for the bigger E, for the bitter OE, not me
Here's my Malibu, child, here's my Malibu
Buckshot honeys, dig a gun and go aaaahhhhh...
Hello boys and girls. Welcome to your De La Soul readalong storybook!
When you hear this sound... * ...that means turn the page.
And now we begin our exciting adventure of... De La Soul is Dead.

*

PLAYGROUND HONEYS:
- Oh my God, Vanilla Ice...
- He's so fly!
- The boy is so good.
- Did you see his body?
- He could dance too.
- He could.
- He's better than any rapper I ever seen!
- And plus his dancers!
- He's so jammin'!

*

JEFF: Yo, what's up?
HONEYS: Yo, Jeff, where you been, man?
JEFF: Guess what I just found, I just found a De La Soul tape in the garbage.
HONEYS: For real? Let's hear it!
JEFF: No!
HONEYS: Aww, be like that!

*

MISTA LAWNGE: What's up, cocksnot? How ya doing, buddy?
HONEYS: Cocksnot? You gonna let him call you that? Sucker!
JEFF: Leave me alone!
LAWNGE: What do we have here?
JEFF: Nothing!
LAWNGE: Listen, you little Arsenio Hall gum having punk!
HONEYS: Oooh! You let him call you Arsenio! Oooh!
LAWNGE: I want the tape!
JEFF: It's mine!
HONEYS: Oh, he played you! Jeff's getting played! Jeff! Jeff! Bodyslam him, Jeff!

*

LAWNGE: Now! I've got the new De La Soul tape! Hey dicksnot, buttcrust, get over here!
D.J. AUB: What's up baby?
MASE: Coolin'!
LAWNGE: I just got this De La Soul tape, man, slamming. Where's the box? The box!
MASE: So, yo, let's get with the shilsnihilsnobilsno!
AUB: I got the bidox, let's do this like Brutus!

*

...28. For those who have all four answers correct, you will recieve
a specially selected Grand Prize. Thanks, and goodnight, for Three Feet
High and Rising, this is Don Newkirk.
[Dave]
It's like, New York without a New York yanks
Better yet, New York without the New York franks
It's like hot summers without no A.C
Or never hitting numbers when you go to A.C
It's like six years of your life, go ask Rob
I'm like "Yo how is it?" he like "It's like hard"
Trying for that queen but you nothing but a man
You wanna keep it clean but you can't
Why it gotta be, like, that
And what the life, see life is like a J shot
Shooters son, they got
One point one second, you half court
I'm feeling the adrenaline like you half court
Like pink slips and dipping these ink tips to paper
Imagine if we fuck around and lose Hip-hop
Imagine if it didn't exist
Imagine nothing shining your wrist
See, imagining to you is a risk
But think about it, like no chrome rims
And tims would be construction boots (ill)
We probably wouldn't even substitute (ill)
For words we use defining our likes
I'm coal mining these mics
To keep that gold nugget like Dave Megget
Giant like a motherfucker, like Dave said it
But ya ain't listening, ya paper gon' stack
Why it gotta be like that?

That, dadadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dadat, dat
Dat, dadadat, dadat, dat, dadadat, dadadat, dat, dat, dadat, dadat

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
Just running, running, fast as I can
I'm trying to be a person but I gotta be the man
If I, can't stand the life that I'm in
I gotta keep running Ă˘'cause I'm still gon' win
Yes I got to go on (it's like that, it's like that)
Yes I got to go on (it's like that, it's like that)

[Posdonus]
It's like, Slick Rick without the eye patch
More like, saying slick shit you won't catch
It's like bed time without your PJ's
Or no fed timing in out the PJ's
It's like, one minute you got it, then you broke
Like what I do with it? I copped a few with it
Looking like a problem, but you won't get it solved
You working but you won't get the job
It's like, who would of thought (thought)
It you would of bought (bought)
Into my religion you'd be more like God
But you were steady swimming so you more like cod
See these fools is fish scale, converting to ish male
See I see it like, A alike, B alike
I was taught, if you play alike, be alike
How they don't see it for one to go pop
And this is how you treat Hip-hop?
Imagine if you didn't have that phantom chrome sitting on a curb nigga
The word nigga wouldn't be a bit disturbing nigga
See them roots are like begging for the rain
You entering my kingdom just a begging for the reign
Putting shit stain to paper
Ink pain feeling like fifty-five licks on a slave niggaz back
And not a one of y'all stopping to hate
But why it gotta be like that?

That, dadadat, dadat, dat, dat, dadat, dat, dadadat, dat, dat
Dadadat, dadat, dadadat, dat, dat, dat, dat, dat, dadat, dadat, dat

[Chorus] x2
Intro:
Great all dedication
Mos Def affiliation
Adequate representation
This is the phat presentation
De La dedication
Common Sense collaborations
Peace to all of you Haitians
Check it out
Chorus: repeat 2X
If money makes a man strange we gots to rearrange
So what makes the world go round
If love is against the law listen I don't know
Gotta change how it's goin down
Verse One: Dove
Fell in love with this fish who got caught in my mesh
But yo she burned my scene up like David Koresh
I guess a diamond ain't nothing but a rock with a name
I guess love ain't nuttin but emotion and game
It's a lesson well learned so praise is well due
I'm sendin off from Big I, to Kenny Calhoun
And add a reservation for the resident crew
And yo get your bowl cuz we cookin up stew
See them Cubans don't care what y'all niggaz do
Colombians ain't never ran with your crew
Why you acting all spicy and sheisty
The only Italians you knew was icees, niggaz price me
I'm keepin it clean, like a washing machine
And yo, get your locomotion run into full steam
I'm sending out a greeting to my man Daseem
I got a child so I gotsta get the green, right right
Chorus
Itzsoweezee, it's gettin hot this year
Itzsoweezee, it's gettin hot
(repeat 4X)
Verse Two: Dove
I own the deeds to some acres in the West, indeed
Where my pops is building residence to house my seed
Now here's the lead, y'all niggaz pray to hot rods and not God
While Versace play you niggaz like Yahtzee
Crackin jokes like you Patzi
(When's the last time you had Happy Days?)
Blazin up your herb to escape the maze, but the problem stays
Think big get it big is my motto
You can go and play your lotto, I'll be singin like baby won't you be
mine
You'll be pressin rewind, you can never see mine
Keep your eyes focused, you can't touch this or quote this
Style is crazy bogus so you can't try to approach this
Stomp you out like roaches, pullin on my coattail
like some horses pullin coaches, WHOA your roller coasters
It's hotter than the temperature that's cookin in your toasters
While the heat'll put you deep into hypnosis
Chorus 2X
Itsoweezee, Enoli's in the area
Itsoweezee, Timbo King's in the area
Itsoweezee, Maseo's in the area
Itsoweezee, ninety-six in your area
Itsoweezee, lawd lawd lawd!
Itsoweezee, lawd lawd lawd lawd
Itsoweezee, lawd lawd, for y'all peace
Itsoweezee
Itsoweezee (8X)
Intro
This song...does not contain...explicit lyrics...but the thought... is
erotic...
Awwwwwwwwww...baby!
Verse 1
Access to her cove lovestruck Dove is Dove's mode
Took a look dropped my books Jenifa oh Jenny
Breakfast was our greetings yoghurts and birdseed's what I fed
Slipped a note "Rock my yacht Jenifa oh Jenny"
Jenny only thought about Jimmy but didn't think about Derwin
The Jimmy who's only a virgin
Steady we go, Jenifa led, pluggin' a tune which freedom well said
So what's the fix, O Jenifa, can a brother with soul get swingin'?
Verse 2
The Downstairs where we met, I'd brought records, she'd cassettes
Lost a break, found her shake, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Transcripts showed more than flirt, "I love daisies" read her shirt
Grabbed my jeans, Jimmy screamed, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Morals shaped like the floss, no-one could live their life for Pos
Found her house, aroused my joust, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Her clothes I did shuck, just like Dan I strictly stuck
To the punt, she cried "Kick it!", Posdnous was in
Jenny only thought about Jimmy, but asked was I a virgin
Like some kid named Derwin?
She said, "Let's try it in the bathroom", but the 'nous is way above
sinks
So to the kitchen she did Dan and came back wrapped in Saran
Verse 3
Positions, muscles flexed, Dove was lost in a Ghana hex
Passed her test, felt her teddy, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Notions soothed the mood, Dove was lost in De La heaven
Scream Plug 2, did the do, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Jenny teased my homeboy Granny, in fact she teased so many
She was known as a garden tool
Did her thing while I plugged once, hope she don't fall fat 9 months
from now
I'll tell you what, Trugoy ain't ready
Verse 4
Worned out was my cater(?), mind you, this was 3 days later
The door turned blue, you guess who, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Advanced to the radio, Teddy persuaded us to turn off the light
Wanted me to rhyme while she wrapped me up in a ball of twine
No more I dispatch, was it Jimmy had met his match?
Or could it be the realisation all girls owned a Jenny?
For normal health I have fought, a valuable lesson she hath taught
Don't flaunt that the candy is good unless you came with plenty
Stooooop!!!!!!!!
Verse 1
Access to her cove lovestruck was my mode
Took a look dropped my textbook Jenifa...oh!
Breakfast broke it fast she was in my English class
Asked for notes rocked my boat Jenifa...oh!
Jenny lost her favourite penny so I gave her a dollar
She kissed me and I hollered!
In a flash the schoolbell rang Jenny grabbed onto my hand
Took me home and said "Trugoy just swing it swing it swing!"
Verse 2
The Downstairs where we met, I'd brought records, she'd cassettes
Lost a break, found her shake, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Transcripts showed more than flirt, "I love daisies" read her shirt
Grabbed my jeans, Jimmy screamed, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Morals shaped like the floss, no-one could live their life for Pos
Found her house, aroused my joust, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Her clothes I did shuck, just like Dan I strictly stuck
To the punt, she cried "Kick it!", Posdnous was in
Jenny only thought about Jimmy, but asked was I a virgin
Like some kid named Derwin?
She said, "Let's try it in the bathroom", but the 'nous is way above
sinks
So to the kitchen she did Dan and came back wrapped in Saran
Break
Now wait a minute! Little Derwin got somethin' to show us that Jenny
could never do... (Listen...)
Hey! Look at little Derwin! Look at him go, look at him go!
Awwwwww...Baby!
Verse 3
Positions, muscles flexed, Dove was lost in a Ghana hex
Passed her test, felt her teddy, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Notions soothed the mood, Dove was lost in De La heaven
Scream Plug 2, did the do, Jenifa, oh Jenny
Jenny teased my homeboy Granny, in fact she teased so many
She was known as a garden tool
No more I dispatch, was it Jimmy had met his match?
Or could it be the realisation all girls owned a Jenny?
For normal health I have fought, a valuable lesson she hath taught
Don't flaunt that the candy is good unless you came with plenty
DOVE:
Jody got a cat but she won't let it out
Oh tough luck 'cause it makes Jack pout
Waiting on the wins he moves to the next
Searching for the cheese looking for the text
In the Big Blue in search of the skins
Grinning and laughing laughing and grinning
Padlock Jody got the whole scene played
No knockin' boots till she's 14K'd
Diamond in the back sunroof top
Waiting for the credit card so she can go and shop
Jack plays the back, just knockin' other socks
'Cause now in the hood he's
(Johnny the Fox)
Till one ring came, Jody blew a park
Found about Jody round the corner in the park
Flipping like a dipstick, hip to the news
Practising the range, bellowing the blues
Jack rolls the carpet in, swift like a skate
"Yo, Jody, yo, gotta go, got a date"
Padlock Jody's screaming "Wait, wait, wait!"
"Don't worry, hon," he replies, "I'm keepin' the faith"
POS:
I'll never do the baseball with you again
Yo, I'll never do the baseball with you
'Cause your hoochie-coo was so smooth
Was it such a sin to let, let me in?
Hooked by your ever-so-shyness
Want that bush, heard you're from Flatbush
Ran after ya, caught ya,
Brought ya to Long Island, stylin' for a while
In my hut, I was on a cut for a peck
A silly Greg Peck
You tried to play me new, Plug One you disconnect
I'd try to touch your hair (You would say no)
Yo, I'd try to touch your hair (You would say no)
Is is 'cause you want my financial flaunt?
First you gotta please me, nice and easy
But I guess you want that in reverse,
So I stand Plug First can see
We got a serious block
Turn the other way, ooh what do I spot?
A hoopin' Hey Love whose scent left a trace
Had a stash in her pocket with a body that's safe
Ball to the eight, now you wanna swing?
Forget the rap, yo, Black Sheep, sing
(You're banned, you're banned)
(You're banned, honey dip, you're banned)
(You're banned)
Yo, you're banned
Ya banned by the preacher man
You played yourself a stew
Now to me you step, never mind love
The faith is being kept
DOVE:
Now remember 'bout Padlock Jody, here's the fact
Jack little wick but she was acting wack
Jack wanna lay but laying ain't exact
For the past four or five she was banned by the pack
Hip to the witness, putting on a plan
No money, no more Puddy Tat for the man
Jack knows that honey means playing a game,
Only wanna bowl, got nabbed for the fame
Claude Van Damme (God damn)
Sam was the man that you planned to command
Nothing new about a neighborhood
You know what? Padlock Jody wanna cut
Jack's thinking cap, make mine into a pack
"Yo, here's 20, 40, 60, pay me back"
Conscience appears, "Yo Jack, what you doing?"
"You play the cold while honey here's cooling?"
"You don't have to if you don't want to!"
"You don't have to if you don't want... to!"
So he begins with the ring, ring, ring,
"Hey Judy girl, how ya doin'
Seen you with another man, what you doing? Screwing?
Ooh, shame on you! What, you can't wait
For the big bait? Well, I'mma tell you straight,
Honey child, I'm keepin' the faith!"
DOVE:
In no way are we trying to disrespect any sort of house or club
music but we're just glad that we're not doing it. And if we were
this is how it would go.
(I can't be your lover)
(I can't)
Kicked out the house you got
Kicked out the house hip house
Kicked out the house for good
(I can't)
Kicked out the house you got
Kicked out the house hip house
Kicked out the house for good
(I can't be your lover)
(With your wrinkled pussy)
(I can't be your lover)
(With your wrinkled oh, oh oh)
(I can't be your lover)
(With your wrinkled pussy)
(I can't be your lover)
(With your wrinkled oh, oh oh)
(I can't be your lover)
(P-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)
(P-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)
(Put it on vibrate!)
(P-p-p-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)
(P-p-put it on vibrate!)
Kicked out the house, you got
Kicked out the house, hip house
Kicked out the house for good
You got, you got, kicked out of this house, baby
For good
(I can't I can't I can't be your lover)
(Put it on vibrate!)
(Put it on vibrate!)
(Ooh ah, ooh ah, ooh ah, ooh ah)
(Ooh weee, sho' lookin' fine)
(Ooh weee, sho' lookin' fine)
(Let, let me in)

DOVE:
I got good news, I got eye witness
Good news, I got eye witness
Due in a hip lift, dead into my phenomenon
Dazed with the quickness
Sweat, one sweat, two sweat, three
Motions, what motions? What could it be?
She, she (watchin' you) who, me?
Hon, Velveeta got your cut
(Ain't no lockin' up now)
Give the symmetrics to your bottom
(Ain't no lockin' up)
Shake less of that Catholic cool
Push panic, the button, and freeze
A's for Amen, J's for the Jenifa
Oh Jennys, oh please oh please
(Oh please oh please)

Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in

POS:
Force it like a motion, let me in to that
Flower power child, let me in to that
Let me sew your panic button, let me in to that
I got the semen headlocked, you won't get fat
Just lay, lay back, way, way, way
The oops up, it's a clear Saturday
We're selling my all-expense July paid
By the way, what's your name?
Just kidding, I know it's Renee
No, it isn't? Word, word, well check it out
Check, check it out
I got my my mind made up, come on, get it
Take a test, child
And get with this Pos position
From beginning to the Huckleberry Fin
If I was to yodel, would you let me in?

Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in

Pos got the skyrocket in his jeans
Would you let me in if I was to sing
Like a hookey-non-stop-reggae-roost-rasta-king
Jimmy done starburst, know what I mean
Jimmy done burst, gotta come clean
Yo, Maseo, blow this scene

MASE:
Dip, dip, di, you're making me cry
With that onion between your thighs
Come give me some of that brown sugar
So the sweets can make me active
If I said you were attractive
May I supplement with an additive?
Hey, hooker let me hook you with my reel
Take you to the crib, cook up a real meal
Skip the meal and walk this way
(Hey, hey, hey)
Come on into my room, here we go
Here we here we here we go
(Boom!) Did you feel the bed break?
(Boom!) Did you feel the floor shake?
(Boom!) Did you feel the earth quake?
(Boom!) Now, quick, do you wanna take a break?

Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in

(What's this?)
(What?)
(In your pocket, that bulge?)
(Hey, hey, hey!)
(Harry, let me see it)
(Jumping jehosaphat!)
(Quaggin', quakin' and shakin')
(And that's no fakin')
(Let me see the gun, Harry, I want to see if it's been fired)
(Why are you complaining? I've always given you a piece of the action)

(So he huffed and he puffed and he huffed and he puffed)
(And at last he blew the house in)
Verse One
Maseo
It's strong island for real where the critters run wild
the prefix is 516 the top of the dial
trhough the L.I. Sound to the villa down under
and across the globe I heard a lot of folks wonderin'
so when's it coming 'cause the stakes is high
see big money that waves don't put the pen to my page
and ain't nothin' wrong with standing still and relaxing
and spendin' some of that cash that Uncle Sam is gonna tax
a New York demeanor is sit back in the beamer
with nothing to lose but some gas and some minutes
ignorin' the gazers 'cause some stars don't get petty
and that trash you talk is just New Years confetti
it's like that y'all, but that's all 'bout to change
like some of my own, people tend to act strange
i'm making a scene, and it's served with it's capabilities
so set it at an island's degrees
Posdanous
It's strong island for real, the diagnosis is supreme
the prefix is 516, where microphones fiend
the voices that gots the gift, 'cause the world is on their shoulders
makein' plans to switch from little rock to money boulders
the real proceed
my girl stands deep from nubians actin' like Columbians sellin' keys
characters have the tendency to con themselves
to think the East Coast is only New York and Philadelph
you know the way we blow, your shit is played like pork
and as for what we be bringin' you, we live and direct from New York
I ougtta say my fam causes commercs.
steppin' to me fool will get you punched out like a curse
it's like that y'all, let it all consume
like them brothas who smoke, 'till they high like the moon
soon to a town near you be them super emcees
settin' them Long Island degrees
Maseo
I hit the L.I.R.R. for big dreamers out east
and get your bank roll split
bangin' dents out your systems
sellin' points to get the uppercut like Sonny Liston
but eyes closed episodes
bring you back to zeroes
the same herp playin' like he Casablanca
blind to it, but I'm a grind him up a cup of Sanka
servin' dimes loves on tennis courts and sorts
laid back like grown folks sippin' tea for sport
Posdanous
I be sweepin' up the room with my lyrical broom
while others rhymes smell like plastic like some lunch room utensil
the official color for this planet is green
which growns in pockets of them people willing to scheme
an't no expose, these facts are from the mouth
profilin' through Island with that wind from down south
at last, be the world broad cast from the crew who gave you 3's
magic on an island degrees
Maseo
it's strong island for real where the critters smoke fritters
night time excites time for the heavy hitters
gang on hers 'cause in the mean time mine is home on date
fluffin' pillows impatiently waitin' ain't no debatin'
'Bout to settle, check the level stakes is high as the sky
I got questions about your life if you so ready to die
we in the last quarter y'all, somebody's gonna cry
I think they need to set the clock before the time pass by
Posdanous
In the round one no nines my size can get swelly
sensing danger I will play a ranger on my celly with my felly
we're wonderful like colorful flix
provide a thread and needle every time the stages get ripped
I grip upon the pleasure sippin' the tea
on the island 'cause that island is the main artery
so uh, you better come and give respect for catch some of these
knucks from the island degrees
[Intro]
get into groove now, something like
givin' into my own shit, now

could a drummer have some y'all
could a drummer have some more
said a drummer ain't have none
in a long time
c'mon, drummer

bring that beat back, bring that beat back (x3)

y'all wanna hear that beat, right?

1,2 1,2

[Kan Takagi (In Japanese)]
uh
suttarakankan kankankankan Takagi Kan
beat ni noseta kashi kore ichiban
so toshi gin-yu shijin groove
meguri megutte konomachi de furu
TOYOTA ni HONDA nippon mo iroiro
SONY *chiba chiba* sonota moromoro
dashicha irukedo rap no rokuon
marena koto daga ima rock on

[Scha Dara Parr (In Japanese)]
1 (1) 2 (2)
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 jikan hikouki ni nokkari koko New York
(oh yeah)
bibiri jo jo jo
Ani Shinco Bose
(oh shit)
hora mite Prince Paul, Maseo, Pos ni Dove mo iru jan yo
eigo de nandaka itteru yo
(naanuu)
rap wo site miro to
gogo 2 ji studio
hai OK
richigi na boku ra ha mochi on time
ee member nanka dare hitori kicha ine
5jikan karuuku keika shite
What's up?
wassa wassa to renchu kimashita
ha to kigatukya studio no naka
yes, yes y'all
we don't stop
konna monde minasan ikaga desho
ME MYSELF AND I
De La Soul

DOVE:
Mirror, mirror on the wall
Tell me, mirror, what is wrong?
Can it be my De La clothes
Or is it just my De La song?
What I do ain't make-beleive
People say I sit and try
But whan it comes to being De La
It's just me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I

POS:
Now you tease my Plug One style
And my Plug One spectacles
You say Plug One and Two are hippies
No, we're not, that's pure Plug bull
Always pushing that we've formed an image
There's no need to lie
When it comes to being Plug One
It's just me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I

DOVE:
Proud, I'm proud of what I am
Poems I speak are Plug Two type
Please oh please let Plug Two be
Himself, not what you read or write
Right is wrong when hype is written
On the Soul, De La that is,
Style is surely our own thing
Not the false disguise of showbiz
De La Soul is from the soul
And this fact I can't deny
Strictly from the Dan called Stuckie
And from me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I

POS:
Glory, glory hallelu
Glory for Plugs One and Two
But that glory's been denied
By kizids and dookie eyes
People think they dis my person
By stating I'm darkly pack
I know this so I point at Q-Tip
And he states, 'Black is Black'
Mirror mirror on the wall,
Shovel chestnuts in my path
Please keep on up with the nuts
So I don't get in aftermath
But if I do I'll calmly punch them
In the fourth day of July
'Cause they tried to mess with
Third degree, that's me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
[Hook: Estelle]
And it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's easy to recall the good and fall into place
But you're not easy to love
I love the memory of...
I remember your face, I remember your way

[Verse 1: Estelle]
I remember you now
Part of my existence
I remember your face
You came in and got me
All in a day
Yeah, all in a day
I remember your lips
Do you remember the taste?
Remember family names
Your child, my child, our child
Whitney and Dwayne
Different to my world now
Remember the way
You gripped my hips so tight now?
Slow up the pace
Maybe erase, don't remember my words

[Hook: Estelle]
Cause it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's easy to recall the good and fall into place
But you're not easy to love
I love the memory of...
I remember your face, I remember your way

[Verse 2: Posdnuos]
How could I forget?
A ballad was born upon a demo of a fly love song
Didn't take long before the archer with the wings heard it
Shot us in the heart with a contract, he knew we were a hit
The right amount of soul with a parallel amount of grit
But the archer couldn't see the target of departure
Gave in your pink slip and called it quits
It's understood you would
Label me a mate who wronged you
Cause I kept wanting to feature
With them other females on they songs too
Your words spoken in mono for monogamy
Telling me I had to go cause I chose
Stereo for stereotypical male biology
And now I'm left setting traps
For you to fall in for me again
Who hates you to tell me
"Slow up the pace, maybe erase, don't…"

[Bridge: Estelle]
Slow up the pace
Maybe erase, don't remember my words

[Hook: Estelle]
Cause it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's easy to recall the good and fall into place
But you're not easy to love
I love the memory of...

[Verse 3: Dave]
Our last trip to Vegas had me feeling like we had a chance
But chance just showed up at the wedding
I guess I didn't read the heading
"Forgive and won't erase the bitter past"
But I ain't up for kissing ass
I bought you everything your pretty feet could fit in
Put you behind the finest steering wheels
Fearing you would drive a nigga crazy
Told you grow up, but shit, you was my baby
Bits and pieces never made nothing decent
When I accommodated you, you played me like a stranger

[Bridge: Estelle]
I remember you now (Accountability is major)
A part of what I did then
Remember your face
Just don't let me trip over memory lane
Cause time can't be replaced
And I don't want to stay

[Hook: Estelle]
Cause, oh, it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's so dah-dah-dee-dah
Dah-dah-dah-dah-dee-dah
It's so easy to fall
In dah-dah-dah-dah-dee-dah
Remember your way
Remember your way

[Adlib: Posdnuos]
It's De La featuring Estelle
With the Soul Brother Pete Rock
"If you will suck my soul
I will lick your funky emotions"
This is the stylin' for a little that sounds silly
But nothin' silly about triflin' times of Millie
Millie a Brooklyn Queen originally from Philly
Complete with that accent that made her sound hilly billy
Around this time the slammin' joint was Milk is Chilin'
But even cooler was my social worker Dillon
Yeah I had a social worker 'cuz I had some troubles
Anyone who'd riff on me, I'd pop their dome like bubbles
He'd bring me to his crib to watch my favorite races
That's how his daughter Millie become one of my favorite faces
She had the curves that made you wanna take chances
I mean on her, man, I'd love to make advances
I guess her father must 'a got the same feelin'
I mean, actually findin' his own daughter Millie appealing
At the time no one knew but it was a shame
That Millie became a victim of the touchy-touchy game
Yo Millie, what's the problem, lately you've been buggin'
On your dukie earrings, someone must be tuggin'
You were a dancer who could always be found clubbin'
Now you're world renowned with the frown you're luggin'
Come to think your face look stink when Dill's around you
He's your father-what done happen-did he ground you?
You shouldn't flip on him 'cuz Dill is really cool
Matter of fact, the coolest elder in the school
He hooked up a trip to bring us all the Lacey
He volunteered to play old Santa Claus at Macy's
Child, ya got the best of pops anyone could have
Dillon's cool, super hip, you should be glad
Yeah, it seemed that Santa's ways were parallel with Dillon
But when Millie and him got him, he was more of a villain
While she slept in he crept inside her bedroom
And he would toss and then would force her to give him head room
Millie tried real hard to let this hell not happen
But when she'd fuss, he would just commence to slappin'
(Yo Dillon man, Millie's been out of school for a week, man, what's
the
deal?)
I guess he was givin' Millie's bruises time to heal
Of course he told us she was sick and we believed him
And at the department store as Santa we would see 'em
And as he smiled, his own child was at home plottin'
How off the face of this earth she was gonna knock him
When I got home, I found she had tried to call me
My machine had kicked to her hey how ya doin' (sorry)
I tried to call the honey but her line was busy
I guess I'll head to Macy's and bug out on Dillon
I received a call from Misses Sick herself
I asked her how was she recoverin' her health
She said that what she had to ask would make it seem minute
She wanted to talk serious, I said, "go ahead-shoot"
She claimed I hit the combo dead upon the missal
Wanted to know if I could get a loaded pistol
That ain't a problem but why would Millie need one
She said she wanted her pops Dillon to heed one
Ran some style about him pushin' on her privates
Look honey, I don't care if you kick five fits
There's no way that you can prove to me that Dill's flip
He might breathe a blunt but ya jeans he wouldn't rip
You're just mad he's your overseer at school
No need to play him out like he's someone cruel
She kicked that she would go get it from somewhere else
Yeah, whatever you say, go for ya self
Macy's department store, the scene for Santa's kisses
And all the little brats demandin' all of their wishes
Time passes by as I wait for my younger brother
He as his wish, I waste no time to return him back to Mother
As I'm jettin', Millie floats in like a zombie
I ask her what's her problem, all she says is "Where is he?"
I give a point, she pulls a pistol, people screamin'
She shouts to Dill he's off to hell cuz he's a demon
None of the kids could understand what was the cause
All they could see was a girl holdin' a pistol on Claus
Dillon pleaded mercy, said he didn't mean to
Do all the things that her mind could do nothing but cling to
Millie bucked him and with the quickness it was over
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
{*scratched: "ladies and gentlemen" - "here we go again"*}

[DJ Premier]
No doubt, y'all care anymore, about this hip-hop man?
I mean, how far will you punk motherfuckers go
for 15 seconds of fame? Microwave popcorn-ass niggers
Yeah, we give you much more, longevity baby
Aiyyo Dave

[Dave]
Yo! It's been instilled in me since infinite y'all
Usin these minutes like I value the call
Put your money in the bank, and hold rank
over friends who ain't got leadership skills
I got the sheep in my eyes so I can't sleep
We like the, land and laid, the brand old way
Grand operate the scandal way, L.I. sheist
I play the X-Box instead of fucking with dice
I hate losin to those who walk away with my dough
cause I dozed, Tracy broke me
And now she wanna see the resident provoking me
to pop wheelies on my bicycle, watch her eyes twinkle
One house, two houses, third house
House rules so house take bank, watch Dave bank
Banner had 'em on the hawk since Atlanta extravaganza
Gamma ray rap I make the Hulk snap
Jump back like James Brown, hey now
When the liquor over we smoking the hay now
Delegating numero dos, I holla out the sound of los
And keep the Island close to me

[Chorus: Yummy]
Much more is what we got in store
Just believe me
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more than they can see
is how it'll always be, believe me (gotta believe)
"And what we have is much more than they can see"

[Posdonus]
I got verb skills, babies and bills, brothers who smoke krills
and still tryin to get himself together from it
Knowin he can't quite run it like me
I'm on the cutting edge of what's alleged to be, hot
And when you rock, it's just impersonations of me
The rightest MC, MP with the V in the middle
I belittle your plan, courtesy, of NY dirty C my man
My base of fans are made up of many; with kids allergic
to belts letting they mind melt from drinkin the Henny
And them straight and narrow types who be waitin to hear
them drums say the revolution is near - are you listening?
Are your eardrums open for christening?
We God Body MC's with these tools
While some others play God, they just god damn fools with it
I don't cuff mics, I rough mics up rough and rugged
Get the girls to love it
Still and all five-oh came to my mic check
Tellin me I left lacerations around my mic's neck
Domestically disputed and you just might get
the undisputed underdog servin y'all threat

[Chorus] - 4X w/ ad libs

"And what we have is much more than they can see"
"And what we have is much more than they can see.."
(Make the bass come out so clear)
POS:
This song does not contain explicit lyrics but what it does contain
is an udesired element. This element is known as the basehead the
lowest of lowest of all elements that exist. And the sad thing is
this particular element... is me brudda!
Brother brother oh brother of mine
We used to be down as partners in crime
From our parents our name was forged
I was the Beaver, you Curious George
Wanted to dispose of this and that
But curiosity had killed the cat
At this age no wonder it was read
But this was the fate that you were fed
Throughout high school our minds we'd waste
High off all the cheeba that we could taste
Soon you had converted to nasal sports
Every five minutes cocaine you'd snort
Told me that you needed a stronger fix
Stepped to the crack scene in '86
Unlike the other drugs where you had control
This substance had engulfed your body and soul
Now from me you lost all respect
Said yo need to put that shit in check
Wanted me to believe that you had tried
But your mind and the craving had coincided
Said there was a voice inside you that talked
Which said you shouldn't stop but continue to walk
Now the brother who could handle any drug
Had just found the one that could pull his Plug
(Background:)
(Ya don't stop, ya don't, ya don't stop)
(Ya don't stop, the body rock)
DOVE:
"Yo, bro, got another rock for your hiking boots"
"Gonna make you scream and loop three loops"
"Gonna take you far on a freeway, okay"
Remember that day? Slipped me a smile for a 20 crack vial
Guess what? Time to collect, correct
Don't have a dime? It's payback time, payback time
"Don't cry the blues 'cause I got bad news"
"Should I stab ya? Should I bite ya? Should I use my tools?"
No, I got another way to earn my defeat, ah!
(Slam the child on the hard concrete)
(Make the bass come out so clear)
POS:
Brother, brother, stupid brother of mine
Started getting high at the age of nine
Now at twenty-one you're lower than low
Nowhere to turn, nowhere to go
My dividends and wares started to disappear
Where it ended up, I had an idea
Barking you with the quickness, reversed intent
Instead went to Pop and gave him the print
Now Pop grew tired of being a mouse
Finally told you to get the hell outta the house
From there a mother figure came into play
Claimed for you she saw a better day
Now Mom was a product of Christ's rebirth
Thought the only chance was to go to church
Quitting this stuff you had tried before
This time you claimed you'd really score
Something I had to see to believe
Put on my suit and to church I weaved
PREACHER (Squirrel):
My, my, my. What happened to the people? The people who used to care
about what took place in the world today? I've been summoned here
today to reach the people who still can be reached, to save the people
who still can be saved. Can I get an Amen? Can I get an Amen?
Hit me! Forgive us. Said it's taking over. Taking over the world. All
it's doing is taking over. Where them crackers at? Them crackers that
they serve, where they at?
DOVE AND MIKEY ROADS (In background as choir):
Said evil's taking over
Said evil's taking over
Said evil's taking over, evil's taking over
The Lord's gonna forgive us, the Lord's gonna forgive us, Lord
Said the Lord's gonna forgive us
The Lord's gonna forgive us
POS:
Bullshit, didn't believe a lick
To this fool fell off, well that would stick
Soon you reach your front of calm
Walked round by rehearsing psalms
Then you smiled with the funky frown
What do you know, the voice is back in town
Mom would say it would soon go away
You and I knew it was here to stay
But the man helped you when you helped yourself
That meant going to rehab for your health
Finally it went and blew your cork
Heard you moved to the comfortable streets of New York
And when my friends see me and come and ask
"Yo, where's your brother at?"
I'll be the first to splash
"Yo, he's a basehead"
(- Yo know who that was?)
(- No.)
(- The guy from De La Soul. Pos. Posdnuos.)
(- Who?)
(- You heard of De La Soul, right?)
(- Right.)
(- Well he was the one from De La Soul.)
(- The one with the real nappy hair.)
(- The one with... the dark-skinned one.)
(- With the glasses?)
(- Yeah.)
(- [Background] Yeah, the ugly one!)
(Fuck you bitch!)
(And kept goin'...)
DOVE:
Standing on the corner building. Seen the path.
Looking at the corner streetlight walking and
waiting for my brother to come over and then
someone tapped me on my shoulder. 180 degrees I
did. Oh my... what? Oh oh!
I didn't hesitate so I ran and I ran and I ran
and I ran and I tries to catch a cab.
(Cab driver fuck you)
I ran into an abandoned building I heard big
heavy breathing on my back I turned 180 degrees
again and oh oh! Oh my God!
Oh, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed and I
skipped into the BK lounge. I asked the lady if
I could get a Whopper. She was facing... she was
facing toward the back. She turned around...
she stated: (Can I take your order?) Oh Chrissie!
Once again, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed
to my pad. The phone started ringing, but
luckily my answering machine was on and with
the quickness...
(Hey, how ya doing, sorry you can't get through)
Yeah, saved by the ha ha ha. I went into the
shower. Oh my... I heard the holler... I turned
the water on and she was screaming... who could
it be? What did she want from me? What did she
want from me? What did she want from me? She
was screaming and screaming and she had the tape
in her hand. But I knew what she wanted. I knew
what she wanted. I knew what she wanted.
(Please listen to my demo)
(Mumbled: And wit your wrinkled pussy)
(I can't be your lover)
DOVE:
Oodles and oodles of O's you know
You get 'em from my sister
You get 'em from my bro
All I is is man and once an embryo
Am I solid gold? I don't cast a glow
Yes I guess it's reflex
Some have no control
I'd rather let a laughter
And tally off I go
Canoeing in the river or out into the O
You just know we're not
So not play the role
Some are lovey Dovey ah you crazy crow
Some shake your hand but
(This is called the Show)
I was John Doe, now I'm Mr. Jolico'
Pissed with the witness, and now I adore
O's got the world 'cause O's was on tour
Girls gave the O's and guys, oh for sure
Where they arose, well nobody knows
What do they mean, well here's how it goes
Oh shoot's got the O's when you hold the dough
You know who you are but they didn't know
And now with respect they flex like a pro
You're first another nigger but now an Afro
Oodles and oodles of O's and
Oodles and oodles and oodles of O's ya know
They givin' oodles of O's and O's
And oodles and oodles and oodles of O's ya know
They givin' oodles of O's and O's
And oodles and oodles and oodles of
(OH!)
POS:
Last of the fast Plug pipers at the door
In your eye, burning like rubbing alcohol
Native is the Tongue that speaks the Guacomo
Kinfolk will play this in stere-ere-o
Chanters play the part of a herd at a show
Pos prints the peace on his jeans or Jebos
But let the herd know if beef they wanna throw
Lunches of punches is what I bestow
Oodles of O's has the "Hoo's" in mic checks
O's take the shape of medallions and specs
Don't forget the O's that let the air in my nose
Breathe in the fresh as the stale hit the road
Girls ask for flicks and unblock the pores
Eat the Al Greens, won't sniff the ker-plows
Mase got something to say and it goes:
(Maseo is rockin' on the radio)
Now I think we're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's
Ya know, I think we're talkin' 'bout the
Oodles of O's, yeah
We're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's ya know
I think we're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's
I think we're talkin' 'bout the oodles of O's
Ya know, I think we're talkin' 'bout the
(Oh, shit)
Hoods like to play my Joe, ya know
Guns goin' "bo!" people hit the floor
Don't have a piece but an arrow and bow
Target it firm 'cause I'm head Comancho
Charging barricades like a raging rhino
The donuts come big and some in jumbo
The Landlord is finished but before I go
I'll give a shout out to Quest
And my fellow Jungle Bro's
DOVE:
Knocked by the dock of the bay by the shore
Swimmin' in the rhythm of the hi-de-hi-de-ho
Punk Pinocchios gotta go, gotta go
(What's the reason?) to be cheerful
Season is breeze, time to pimp promo
Nuts can no flow if the shade is in the dough
On with me hat, d-d-duh-duh-doh,
Dredlock is heading out the door y'all
We're selling O's, y'all
We're selling O's and O's
We're selling O's at the corner store y'all
We're selling O's, y'all
We're selling oodles and oodles and oodles
And oodles of O's, y'all
We're selling O's, y'all, at the corner store
We're selling O's at the corner store, y'all
We're selling O's, y'all, at the corner store
We're selling O's and O's and O's, O's, y'all
We're selling oodles and oodles of O's, y'all
We're selling oodles and oodles of O's, y'all
We're selling oodles and oodles...
[ Redman ]
Party people, your dreams have now been fulfilled
Get your ass up, and let's get ill
That's right y'all, we more than rough, we callin' your bluff
And when it comes to rhymes... ( Brick City )

[ Pos ]
Yo', don't scandalize mine
I spent too much time
Straight talk with the catch to etch my line walk
Never fetchin' for crime, halt! Who goes there?

[ Dove ]
Yo, it's the squeeze of five fingers, puffin' Smokey the Bear
Shinin' black like Darth Vader caps, they on stare

[ Pos ]
While we rockin' it, I'll rock in it ( Rock in it )
Like the little ball inside the spray can
Providing three coats for both child, woman and man

[ Redman - Chorus 1 ]
God bless the God, lay these streets wall to wall
It go, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"
Yo', you got popped like a flick by that rivalry click
It went, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"

[ Pos ]
It ain't my fault your ass is on the asphalt
Got your chin touched by my fam' who though you brought harm
You see, I'm iced out like a glass of tea
Better yet, oatmeal cookies, y'all just rookies to me
Slidin' up and down the court, but I don't think you can D
Why try? Maseo be gettin' high since Luke was Luke Skywalk
Man, my topic of talk is sheddin' shame all over your game
Like them shorties who claim that afrocentric lovin' is the past drug
A life filled with [ whistle blows ], that's what thugs love
Snatch you fast, wrap that ass in the rug of your choice
While it muffles your voice

[ Dove ]
Now when I'm swimmin' through the joint, I put the funk on hold
Cause if you don't, you'll see the bubbles come up
We run up a tab and gladly add a little extra for miss
Flashy faces with bigger lips for that ass to kiss

[ Pos ]
Most crews are post-current while we're forever
Direct beats that's contagious, loved by all ages
Graduated from the U-n-i-versity
of hard-hitters, for real

[ Redman - Chorus 2 ]
I got niggas in the streets that'll blast your ass for the shine
And get, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"
Yo', if you a fat chick gettin' your fuck on tonight
Then go, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"

Yo', put your hands opposite to the ground if you're lovin' our sound
Go, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"
Yo', and to my broke niggas on the corner holdin' me down
Go, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"

[ Dove ]
Yo', I swear Tommy gonna get it, he done did me wrong
I had plans to buy more land, plant corn
Bust kernels on heat, work hard like wetbacks
Set backs is gonna get my ass to be hostile

Rockwilder the beat, top dollar defeat
Big money's make the big decisions
Keep hip-hop alive, it's just an intermission
Back to the second half of the feature flick
Dick stacks and fuck rap

[ Pos ]
I had a name for makin' paper since papier-mch
Now my dollar coins join pounds of yen for play
While you broke niggas reach drunk much quicker
You don't make enough bread to soak up all your liquor
Went from God to God damn

[ Redman ]
Damn God, you're killin' it
Should incorporate it, invest half a mil' in it
Rap cats talk with no will in it

[ Pos ]
Soundin' like they virtual
This joint'll hurt you, yo'

[ Dove ]
'Twas the night before Christmas and my crib got robbed
( Shh, shh, shh, shhhhh ) They did a job
Took all my goodies out from under the tree
Except the CDs of shiny-suit rappers and flossin' MCs
Who fail at takin' it to rhyme degrees

[ Pos ]
Man, you know no wack poems get no play in our homes
You need to not get nappy with me
Or else we gonna relax your mind
Let your conscious be free

[ Redman - Chorus 3 ]
Yo', where my Wall Street niggas, if ya up in the stands
Go, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"
To my women that'll throw they hands against they punk-ass man
Go, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"

Yo', if you never been shot or stabbed
Brick City, go, "Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!"
Yo', I gotta catch a cab back to the lab so I can smoke
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
(This time put it in mellow)
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)
POS:
First P is passed
I am known as
Posdnuos Plug One to the whole race
Rhyme on a tour
Smart and much more
Dispatch I've stood themes with the Mad Face
Tall dark and lean
Was once nineteen
Now I'm one year older with reason
Clean thoughts and drawers
Rhyme flow never stalls
The yes yes yes y'alls
Will end this season
The Soul reached high plains
We didn't reach Soul Train
But Don don't like rap
So that won't happen
Fame we don't lust
God we do trust
Arsenio dissed us
But the crowd kept clapping
Blessed with soul's lights
So turn off your brights
Overexposure will bring about a clear soul
Don't push, but piles,
For this here new style
And excuse me y'all while I fill my potholes
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (oh yeah)
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)
DOVE:
Passed off second
Tru I reckon
Head full of dreds
But knowledge inside
Singin' on records, making it hectic
Wishing it all would fall and die
Radio works it, public consumes it
Tommy Boy wants another "Say No," huh
Rough and rugged
It's not a new twist
Been Trugoy since the first get go
Here's the daisy
Watching it die, see?
Native is the new like Balance is the shoe
Paul makes a mil like dill makes pickles
Plus is to add like addin to the crew is
Pimps promote us, RM's work us
MP's watch us close in focus
Watch me steppin'
Now I'm dancing
Then disappear with a hocus pocus
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)
MASE:
(people in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Pos get funky)
(Check it out)
(people in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Dove get funky)
(Check it out)
(People in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Mase get funky)
(Check it out)
(People in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Prince Paul get funky) (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)
(ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (yeah)
Pass the peas like they used to say (mmm)
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)
PAUL:
Fourth P is passed
I am known as
(Prince Paul)
Yeah thanks Mase
Applied like chapsticks
The songs are slapsticks
Skeezoids with polaroids
Give me such a case
Trife or not trife
Don't own a wife
Yet I'm down and around for a good kiss
I got a 40 of Pepsi
A girl in Bed-Stuy
And I'll end it like this!
(Will rise, not fall)
(Definition: Prince Paul)
(Our Mentor, don't be sore)
(When I say that's all)
(Why do we have to cross over?)
(Why are niggas always crossing over huh?)
(I mean what's the matter?)
(They can accept our music as long as they can't see our faces?)
(One Two One Two; You got it)
Wootah!
GURU:
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke
DOVE:
Just the other day I got a starter kit
(An M is a terrible thing to waste)
Caught the face from the backs of the border of the mindstate
I play control to a fraud
(Nah it ain't happenin')
Nada to make it even
Robbin' and theivin' is one who infiltrates with a Colgate frown
Y'all remember my nasal for I sniff frequencies
(Well, it started in the year of '78)
But it's '93 or should I say '94 for my style is much more
(I said, "Come in")
Come in
(Come on)
Come out into my reservoir
As I macks a men your bastard style has just been stuck
By a sticker with a 'frigerator lickin'
What if... how's about why would
Never thought that the napalm would bust the jeans
POS:
Mash it up
The one with the beard
Mega moustache the beat (hide it)
Deep under sheets, cover this hint
Hostin' all threats but watch out Mr. Jarbage
Jimmy and the jet, standin' on the pier
I'm known as the farmer
Cultivatin' mate without mendin'
Bendin', comprimising any of my styles to gain a smile
Listen while you hear it
There's no pink in my slip
I reckon that the rhythm and the blues in the rap got me red
While the boys from Tommy plant bridge crossin' to a larger community
Yet they're soon to see I have a brother named Luck
A nigga named Dres
A groupie named Cassandra caught bobbin' on the head
Of a Baby named Chris, I missed a kid who caught wreck when sayin'
(Afrika and I when Sammy B's on the set)
GURU:
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke
(Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(And now, prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(We decided to change the cover a little bit)
(Because we see the big picture)
(Negroes and white folks buyin' this album)
(Negroes and white folks buyin' this album)
(Everybody's gonna know who this group is)
(We just felt that the picture wasn't as important as it was that we
succeeed in crossing over)
(Cross over ain't nuthin' but a double cross)
(Once we lose our audience we never gon' get them back)
(He may even try to change our sound)
POS:
Let no man put asunder
Severin' the groups I never blunder
Cashin' all the checks on the mic
I might cherry to the bush, brand Plug Wonder
Funk to the fame against hoods
Bridges saggin' to woods down under
They can't be raised with the feminine praise
In conjunction with no chocolate in the mix
White boy Roy cannot feel it
But the first to try and steal it
Dilute it, pollute it, kill it
I see him infiltratin' to the masses
And when the leechin' I mo shoot 'em all in they asses
GURU:
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Yeah!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Aaah!!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
POS:
I shed light and not skin
I ain't from Europe
Afro connects at the root of the retina of the third
Mums the word when ya blind baby
Blind to the fact
Don't rest in Compton so I don't own a gat
But respect is clear crystal
Cause Millie got a pistol
And she's down with me
Wild of most wild
Born child to the old school legitimate (soul)
Talker of the many paragraphs ago
Walker of the plenty broken calves ago
Phantom of the phrase black in many ways
Cause I see her runnin' through the trenches
Comin' in to rent my style
GURU:
I'm not the one to fuck with
POS:
I'm lockin' you out
GURU:
I'm just not to fuck wit so check it
Y'all know who I am
Listen up son
Peace to my man Premier
And y'all better guard your trenches 'cause we runnin' through 'em
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Tell me somethin' huh?)
(How come they never cross over to us, huh?)
(I never seen five niggas on Elvis Presley album cover!)
(Yo yo yo do it!)
PAUL:
Yo what up. It's Paul. Got ten minutes each. I'm here... to get this
piece to redo it or there's one we left for you...
whatever whatever you said I agree. That's why I was to get tore up
on
I Am I Be. That rhymed. Ummm...
qu'est que c ? Yo man they dissed me in the Source man they gave
me
no credit for my songs. For the Slick
Rick stuff. Gave ____ credit for songs I did. That's a diss. I'm mad,
man. I hate ____ and I hate ____. And you
can quote me. And you can record this and put this on a recor d. I
hate
em, I hate em. And I'mma get em. If it's
the last thing I do. Anyway, hope you have a pleasant day. Peace.
SCHEMING PUNK PINOCCHIOS: (Bobby Simmons and Prince Paul)
Yo gee.
Yo word up gee man.
Yo man you heard about that club called the Donut Hill B?
Yeah man I heard it's kinda fly man.
Yo man Rakim and De La be up there all the time!
Word up! Yo De La? Yo those punk kids man?
They ain't punks man.
Yo man those kids are wack man straight up booty wack.
Yo but yo that "Buddy", that was kind of fly, man, and
"Potholes?" Slammin'. Slammin'.
- Yeah, it was. Word up, yo it was, but forget that man, after they
came out with "Plug One, Plug Two" then "Potholes", yo,
then they fell of with the brothers, yes they did man, yo, they were
straight up pop, man, I'm telling you, forget them faggots.
- Yo check it out, though, WRMS is throwin' a party at the club,
though, man, yo I bet you they'll be there!
- Yeah! All right, so let the brothers show up, man, let them brothers
show up and get cold jacked when the leaders run up on them!
(Background:)
(Pease porridge in the pot)
(Pease porridge in the pot)
(Pease porridge in the pot)
(Nine days old)
POS:
My name, my name, my name is the Pasta
Now I like, I like I like to plug the real thing
So loose, so loose, so loose with the tap dance,
The funk, the funk, funky funky stuff I bring
My tribe, my tribe, my tribe is known as Native Tongues,
Consists, consists, consists of Jungle, Quest and others
Get played, get played, played a lot on radio
And also, and also, and also by some foul brothers
The Pease, the Pease the Pease Porridge never failed
It kept, it kept us calm, our stylin' merry
But late, but lately loonies acting real bold
Can't sip in luxury my apple cranberry
Girls watch, and watch, and watch I dance the big tut
Our home, our home our homeboys has to plan tricks
Don't real, don't real, don't realise the Native Tongue
Is rollin' strong and we're startin' in the megamix
GOSSIP GLADIATORS: (Lashawna and Jenette)
- Yo, Miss Thing!
- Yo Merisa, what's up?
- You heard what happened at the Donut Hill the other night? - Yo I
was there and those De La kids was fighting, yo they was wildin'.
- Word man?
- Word, the whole thing happened in front of my face, yo, they was on
the dance floor, right, some kid stepped up to
them and said something about hippies, then punks, and the chubby one,
Plug Three?
- Yeah. Plug Three, yeah I know him.
- All right, Plug Three, all right, he walked up to this kid, hit him
real quick, think he didn't when he did, and then them
other kids the Jungle Brothers and Quest and, um, what's the other
ones, the other ones?
- The Violators.
- The Violators, right, right, throwing chairs, and they didn't care
who they was hitting, you think they wasn't?
- Yeah. I know, I thought it was supposed to be about peace signs,
things like that, you know...
MASE:
Question, and that's if only I can ask this question
Can I? (Yes you can!)
Why do people think just because we speak peace
We can't blow no joints?
(I-I-I don't know)
GRANDMA MASE: (Squirrel)
Mase, this is the ninth day I've reheated this porridge. You know it
keeps me peacefully, no?
MASE:
Yeah, but my tolerance level has now peaked
And now it's time for some heads to get flown
DOVE:
We bring, we bring, we bring, we bring the peace of course
But pack a nine inside, inside my De La drawers
A picture, picture, picture, picture painted pink
Could turn to red, to red, to red in blooded quick
But in a single file my Native Tongue is calm
I rather, rather pass a brother palm to palm
I kick, I kick, I kick a verse of unity
And shack, and shackle steps to the beat, beat
I click, I click the TV to the Simpsons
And sip the Porridge deep into my system
So mel, so mellow mode is my day mode
Inside the studio or on a road
The Swing, the Swingalow is the now step
It's murder if you bet 'cause you're life's jep
To praise, to praise the Soul is on a down drag
It's false, because I'll spray you with the Black Flag
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
(Nine days old)
POS:
Can't stand, can't stand, can't stand the pop music
Brother, brother, brothers pop a lot of pow
Don't watch, don't watch, don't watch a lot of basketball
Don't und, don't understand the act of being fouled
Hey D, hey D, hey DJ set the record up
It's time, it's time, it's time to tame the annoying pups
Throw on the Touching Fingers serenade
So we can throw our lemonade
In their face and kick their little butts
FIGHT COMMENTATORS: (Squirrel and Mikey Roads)
- And off, and Mase is the first to throw a punch and he connects
lovely to the ribcage. Wouldn't you say so Squirrel?
- Indeed, indeed, I waould say he showed a lot of formulate
combination, but look at the hoodlum trying to escape.
- Yeah, it seems that that particular hoodlum showed great form in
trying to escape, but he, ah, just got his ass busted.
(Background:)
(Touching fingers, touch, touch)
(One at a time, touch together)
DOVE:
People wanna get ragged with the reruns
Me not, me not, me not scared to trudge a bit
They can't, they can't, they can't get close to none
I tap, I tap, I tap a dance war skit
The por, the por, the Porridge got crazy cold
We won't, we won't eat until the heads are flown
Take advantage to a cool one's peaceful ways
But when, but when we fly that head all the people say
THE FROG: (Lisle Leete)
Here in Frogland, we always eat our Porridge, 'cause it keeps us frogs
real peaceful like.
JABIB: (Jarobi)
In my land, my people adore Porridge. And I don't understand why De La
Soul is so violent, and we are
so peaceful, we sit by the camp fire and listen to our rituals, and
they are so violent. I don't understand,
I don't understand.
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
(Pease porridge in the pot)
(Nine days old)
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
(Pease porridge in the pot)
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
(Nine days old)
(Pease Porridge in the pot)
"Peer Pressure"
(feat. B Real)

Uh uh uh
Everywhere I go (What happens)
People ask me (What, what)
Yo dealer, you smoke weed (No doubt)
And I just tell em' YEAH!
Two weeks later, they smokin' weed
That's what I'm talkin' about
I ain't here to tell you not to smoke weed
Everybody get high
I'm here to apply the pressure
You, you, you and you
You and you (Especially you)
Come down to the den
I got some shit that'll blow ya mind

[Hook: B-Real]
Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure
Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure

[Dave]
Yo, what up my nigga (Yeah, what up with your world)
Ain't shit, just got off the cell with this girl (So far)
Yeah B you know what we about to do (What the hey)
Come on nigga puff it too, yeah right

[B-Real]
Honey draws bees like dookie draws flies
Just like the weed draws me to get high
Now I'm not tryin' to bend ya arm
I just want you to take a hit off the bong
That's all (Just one hit man)

[Pos]
Come on cool it, I'm not foolish
Quit pullin' my leg baitin' me like cob
My name ain't Craig and I ain't lost my job
Don't mind be odd from out the bunch
And y'all cornerin' me ain't stoppin' me from doin' it
(If puffin' so bad, why everybody doin' it)
Man everybody doin' it (Yo come take a puff, style is real)

[B-Real]
Let it take ya whole style and feed it
(Go ahead with that man)

[Hook]

[B-Real]
I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)

[Dave]
Come on
Y'all are actin' like this shit is supposed to raise me to the clouds

[B-Real]
Shit the clips we smokin' on would make Bob Marley proud
And he was one of the illest

[Dave]
Shit one of the illest ever
(He smoked mad trees and still remained clever
I guess ya right

[B-Real]
Ain't no need to guess, put it to the test
Ask ya questions alphabetically

[Pos]
OK, hypothetically if I do take a hit
Do I necessarily have to be tastin' your spit
I mean shit I ain't shared a straw since the fourth grade

[B-Real]
But don't chu' know chick like to smoke and get laid
Don't be a dunce it ain't gonna hurt you once
Quit bein' a punk
Go ahead and hit the fuckin' blunt

[Dave]
But will it take a long time to recover
(Depends on the brother or sis who's puffin')
Hey stop that bluffin' like you givin' a survey
And let us serve the hay
And get yo mind alligned to the ways

[B-Real]
Of the master

[Pos]
Man I seen a cast a spell
To many brain cells and sane cells
A lead to fulfill wants and needs
I heard it's like a gateway to doin' more than weed

[B-Real]
Man I love my relationship, I'm no quitter
Mary Jane's my first love and I'ma stick with her

[Pos]
And when I feel paranoid

[Dave]
All ya questions is void unless ya try
Come on man for once get high

[B-Real]
I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)

[B-Real]
Hey you don't gotta do anything ya don't wanna
It's not gonna change you or ruin your persona

[Pos]
Yeah but what if I can't stop
Shit I ain't with bein' no addict (Cut that shit out)

[B-Real]
Man, please tell him to stop bein' so dramatic
Just take a hit and let the weed do the trick

[Pos]
But will this make me sick

[B-Real]
Come on, quit actin' like a bitch
I can blaze the weed and you can make excuses
Now ya gonna smell the smoke my greenest weed produces
You'd probably like the smell too, ya probably wouldn't admit it
You'd probably wanna hit too (Come on man quit it)
Ya clearly in denial (Yo this shit ain't my style)
How do you know come on, let us give you a trial
Let's put chu' at ease with these trees
Power to heal, put cha' mind at peace
Yeah, increase the level of the highness
My miss express accumulatin' through ya blindness
(Come on man hit this shit)

[Hook]

[B-Real]
I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)

Let me say something
Just started smokin' (Please don't smoke too much)
But uh to all my smokers (Smoke it up)
Yeah, let's get em'
Apply pressure, apply the pressure
Apply pressure, let's get em' y'all
Apply pressur
[announcer]
Hey hip-hoppers, tired of that old trend of ghostwriters?
Well here's the newest sensation that's sweepin the nation!
{*needle drags*} {*gong sounds*} Ghost weed!
Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!
Hey ballers, ballettes, thugs, chickenheads!
Take a listen to how ghost weed
will help you kick it like your favorite rapper
Just a couple of hits and.. {*inhales*} it's GANGSTER!

Watch how we secretly sabotaged this cypher with ghost weed..

*****
Whatever, nah.. just step back off
Let me get some
I got Pharoahe Monch, I'ma do it
Yo you gonna fuck that shit up man
I got that kid like WHOA, I'm sayin UHH!
Yo you need to take some more son
Yo I take another hit.. {*inhales*}
(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!)
Aoooowwww shiiit.. ahhh..
That's that fire shit yo!
Yo y'all gonna let me get busy and all that?
Yo, aight, I wanna.. I wanna hear you rhyme
You wanna hear me rhyme?
You might sound nice cause I'm high now but
UHH! Check my ad lib, UHH!
Yeah, aight word, yeah okay
Yeah, I'm ready, drop that beat
*****

[Pharoahe Monch]
How many niggaz who will actually kill still rhymin?
How many niggaz who are actually signed still killin? ..
.. and when it comes to killin a mic, they ain't willin
and I'm supposed to be shook? That's the shit that kills me
Take a bullet for X in the ballroom and then vanish
Extinguish the sun when I drool, play pool with the planets
Triskadekaphobia lyrics, outlandish
My shit straight from the soul, god damnit
It's the one time only, vernacular original
Spectacular miraculous flow, computer digital
I ridicule the pitiful, piss upon the miniscule
Pharoahe Monch, better park that ass like municipal

*****
Yo, you ripped that
You ripped that shit kid, killed it!
That was dope, that was dope
He kinda had that yo, he kinda had that
Nah man, it did not sound like Pharoahe
Hey, you need to congratulate
It was the WEED.. it was the trees
You need to congratulate, knahmsayin?
Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!
(And now for my next number I'd like to return to the classics.
Perhaps the most famous classic in all the world of music...)
DOVE:
The first time around you didn't quite understand our new style of
speak.
(Don't worry we can fix that right now)
So why don't you all just grab your bags
(Come on aboard hoist the anchor and we'll be off)
(And good luck to both of you)
Plug One Plug Two Plug One, Plug Two
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One
POS:
Answering any other service,
Perogative praised positively I'm acquitted
Enemies publicly shame my utility
After the battle they admit that I'm with it
Simply soothe, will move vinyl like glue
Transistors are never more shown with like
When vocal flow brings it all down in ruin
Due to a clue of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'
(Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmmm)
Flock to the preacher called Pos
Let him be the stir to the style of your stew
Sit while the kid of the Plug form aroma
Then grab a Daisy to sip your favorite brew
Lettin' this soul fire be your first prior,
But don't let the kick drum stub your big toe
See that the three will be your thread
But like my man Chuck D said, 'What a brother know'
Dance while I play and the cue cards sway
From my flower girls China and Jette
The button is pressed in '89 we'll start the panic
From De La Soul and a Prince from Stet
Negative noise will be all divided
Dangerous to dance, Posdnuos will croon
Ducks and kizids will all be rid
When paying position to the naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'
(Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two
DOVE:
Freeze 'cause these are the brothers
Brothers of the Soul who present a new flick
Every last viewer is tuned to the method,
Known to be a method, no magicians, not a trick
Bitten by the spoken who been titled Plug Two
Swallowed by the loonies who are jealous with the showbiz
Dove'll teach the truth, Posdnuos will preach the youth
To the fact that this will bring an end to the negative
Flow to the sway 'cause I say fa-so-la-ti
At the top we will dwell
Difference is fame and we rise then we build
Where we are set we get fat and we swell
Motions of the Soul is a positive stride
One step forward is the space we consume
Vivid as the moon, you have yet to assume
How the Soul found the motto of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'
Vocal is local so believe that
This chant shan't rely on the strong lap
Trying and live so you best realise
That the gift that I present, I say gift wrap
Style of the Tune is personal
And defining what's the rhyme is worst of all
Stop, sit and study 'cause the meaning isn't muddy
Just preach and do the gear as the first of all
Watch while the pitcher is pitching
'Cause this is the pitch of the year
Sing a simple song but keep the swing strong
Though you heard Dove crying 'I ain't fair'
Those who think De La's on the flip tip
Try to flip this and you're doomed
Watch for the B-B 'cause if you try to grieve me
You'll be hung by the wire of the Plug Tune
(Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)
(I can't twist your arm and make you stay with me)
(Are you ready for this?)
[Pasemaster Mase]
Yo Pos and Dove, stand clear to be plugged up into line one and two
So y'all can flaunt the new style of speak

"And good luck to both of you"

Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One

[Posdnuos]
Answering any other service
Perogative praised positively I'm acquitted
Enemies publicly shame my utility
After the battle they admit that I'm with it
Simply soothe, will move vinyl like glue
Transistors are never more shown with like
When vocal flow brings it all down in ruin
Due to a clue of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'

"Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmmm"
"Mmm-hmm, yeah"

Flowing in file with a new style
Barrels are cleaned and loaded for salute
Chanters with the choice standing steady like my mouth
This paragraph preacher is now introduced
Drums are heard sounding off on each and every person
Vocal confetti is blown at top stage
Roses and violets aren't proper for throwing
When showing appreciation, why? This is a Daisy Age
Hands won't sweat cause there's no threat
Mic will stay dry while pitchin' so loose
Rhymes aren't fables but stable to be on time
Cause they're marketed and labeled sticker 'Posdnuos'
This pitch will fit with every consumer
Microphone loosed in cycles, start blooming
Profit and cost could never be lost
All due to a clue of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'

"Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm"
"Mmm-hmm, yeah"

Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two

[Trugoy The Dove]
Dazed at the sight of a method
Dive beneath the depth of a neverending verse
Gasping and swallowing every last letter
Vocalised liquid holds the quench of your thirst
Reasons for the rhythm is for causes unknown
Different individuals are dazzled with the showbiz
Auditions are gathered but the Soul would just rather
Hold a count at three and in the end leave it as it is
Flow to the sway of my do-re-mi
Leaving are fixed lunatics who will hawk
Words are sent to the vents of humans
Then converted to a phrase called talk
Musical notes will send a new motto
Every last poem is recited at noon
Focus is set, let your polaroids click
As they capture the essence of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'

"Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm"
"Mmm-hmm, yeah"

Vocal in doubt is an uplift
And real is the answer that I answer with
Dying yet live, what you must realise
That the tune that I present is surely not a gift
Different in style is definite
And style which I flaunt is sure legit
Now set aside, I say I hold pride
In performing this melodic misfit
So swing cause this pitcher is pitching
In sense JD Dove is now saying
All sing along to his favorite song
While the pocket transistors are playing
But least but not last I'm frightened
For the words that I reply hold doom
Life of the check can be stopped by accident
When you're tripping the wire of the Plug Tune

"Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm"
"Mmm-hmm, yeah"
"No-one that I know can live my life for me"
"Are you ready for this?"
featuring Truth Enola

Ah hah ha hah hah (4X)

*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
(c'mon c'mon c'mon)
*sung* All I wanna do is take my time..
(take your time baby take your time baby c'mon)
*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
(Ah hah ha hah hah hah ha hah hah)
*sung* All I wanna do is take my time..

[Dove]
I'ma stand up for art express do mic test rehearsals
Eight years of man livin ain't no edits or commercials
Flick the God like mummy, but my own want a debit
Tossin facts and how they axis don't, spin on a limit
Ain't no need to dwell, to health I'm fakin your jax
Ride niggaz get to sittin to rear, so play the Parks of Rosa
Suppose I have my whole life on it
Funny how those you love love the evil they do
I brew the medicine to heal, a bit of verbals we had
But yo' ideas of heal, is left the surface of it scabbed
Navigations nearly took me on some cruise type expense
Dispensin me some shitty canal, I took the juice
because I'm used to one-ways, detours and destinations
of ways in life, I pretends the knife
stuck in my spine'll be a symbol, how Jack can B. Nimble
But it's time to make that foggy vision crystal
We gots to get the crystal right?

*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
*sung* All I wanna do is take my time..
*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
*sung* All I wanna do is take my time..

[Truth Enola]
Take my time..
Well I don't wanna go that far
To sell my soul, I ain't gonna go that far
I'm takin minds and hearts beyond the shinin star
Raw dick, honey I don't wanna go that far
So listen why you riskin your mentality against mine?
Sick of leadin love
Sick of leadin love, leavin love loudfaced
in the vehicle of mine
Them wanna do awards, ? nine ninety-nine, watch em
Profile the true fall out for so-called friends
Like mercury and water, we just don't blend
I end the game technically, you wanna stop me
True gems show affection like Jody Watley, so..

*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
*sung* All I wanna do is take my time..
*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
*sung* All I wanna do is take my..

Take my.. take my time..
Take my..
Take my.. take my time..
Take my.. (but I don't wanna go that far!)

[Posdonus]
I recall kissin on my lady, talkin bout makin babies
Now we made the baby, but cannot connect as legal spouses
Now me and my daughter reside in different houses
What louses up the structure, is leavin things up to
the child lesser, than a child runnin wild from mild pressure
Mega.. (mega..) nega.. (nega..) tive
to live a master plan when that plan has no master
You stare at false tongues, leadin the yung'un to disaster
Postures of this world is seen as mad crooked
Want your manhood, but man, your dad took it
We used to swallow 40's and a whole lot of pride
Nice MC's be frontin on some whole other vibe
Just because them albums are sealed, doesn't mean
them lyrics are untampered with, let's kill the myth
that as MC's we know it all, we all children still
No tricks for ninety-six, it's due time we build man..

*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
Yes, stop gassin me, stop gassin me
*sung* All I wanna do is take my time..
All we want to deal, is reality
*sung* Just stop takin me for a ride..
Stop gassin me, stop gassin me
*sung* Cause all I wanna do is take my time..
Take my time, take my time, c'mon!
"Yes this is Miss Renee King from Philadelphia. I want you to please
give me a call on area code 215 222 4209 and I'm calling in reference
to the music business. Thank you."
DOVE:
Hey how ya doin'
Sorry ya can't get through
Why don't you leave your name
And your number
And I'll get back to you
Hey how are ya doin'
Sorry ya can't get through
But leave your name (uh)
And your number
And I'll get back to you.
Once again it's another rap bandit
Fiending at I and I can't stand it
Wanna be down with the Day-Glo
Knocking on my door, saying, "a yo yo"
Knocking on my door, saying, "a yo yo"
"I got a funky new tune with a fly banjo"
I can't understand what the problem is
I find it hard enough dealing with my own biz
How'd they get my name and number
Then I stop to think and wonder
Bout a plan, yo man, I gotta step out town
You wanna call me up? Take my number down
It's 222-2222
I got an answering machine that can talk to you
It goes
POS:
Hey how ya doin'
Sorry ya can't get through
But leave your name and your number
And I'll get back to you
Yo, check it, exit the old style
Enters the new
But nothing's new 'bout being hawked by a crew
Or should I say flock cause around every block
There's Harry, Dick, and Tom, with a demo in his palm
Now I'm with helping those who want to help themselves
And flaunt a nut that's doggy as in dope
But it's not the mood to hear
The tales of limousines and pails
Of money they'll make like a pro
I be like, "Yo black, just play me the tape"
But at the show the time to spare I just make
But the songs created in they shacks
Are so wick-wick-wack, situations like this
And now I hate they give me smiles Kool-Aid wide and ask,
"Was it def?"
And with the straighest face I be like, "Hell yes."
I slip them the digits to Papa Prince Paul
So I don't go AWOL but yet I know when they call
They get
MASE:
Hey how ya doing
Sorry ya can't get through
Why don't you leave your name
And your number
And I'll get back to you
Hey how are ya doin
Sorry you can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number
And I'll get back to you
Check it out
Party at the dug-out on Diction Ave
Haven't been to the jam in quite a while
Figure I'll catch up on the latest styles
'Stead piles and piles of demo tapes bi-da miles
All I wanna do is cut on the decks wild
But edition up here bi-da miles to the center
Reliever of duty, Plug One mosies in
And I be like, "Yo G, Pos does all the producing"
POS:
Now woe is me to the third degree
Mase pulls the funny so I make like a bunny
Jettin'
But I'm getting used to this demo abuse
Getting raped and giving birth to a tape
Cause there's no escape from the clutches of a hawker
Attached to my success, sent like a stalker
Make way to my radius playin fly guy
Try to get on my back they force like Luke Sky
Me Myself and I go through this act daily
And rarely do I not
No matter how I dodge some jackal always nails me
No matter what the plot
And even out on tour they be like,
"Yo I got a tape to play you back at the hotel"
I be like "Oh swell"
Unveil the numeric code to dial my room
And tell them to call me at noon
But of course there's no answering machine in my room
But a pretty young adorer
Who I swung on tour
And if it rings while we're alone
She'll answer the phone
And with the quickness she'll recite like a poem
DOVE:
"Hey, you done did the right thing, dial up my ring ring
Now you're waiting on the beep.
Say, I would love if you'd sing
The tune to Tru instead of fronting on the speak."
So no problemo, just play the demo
And at the end it's break out time
Please oh please don't press rewind
Cause I'll just lay it down the line
Hey how ya doing
Sorry ya can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number
And I'll get back to you
POS:
Hey how ya doing
Sorry ya can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number
And we'll get back to you.. peace
'Yo what's up man, this is Ronald Master down with the Fish Tank
Posse, man, you know man, so you know you can just hook
me up, True. You know we got this fly new jam called 'Swimming In the
Fish Tank', you know we gonna rock it man, you know
what I'm saying, but I just need your help, Prince Paul gave me your
number, you know man, you just gotta do that for me,
got this fly bassline, got these fly trombones in it man, so just hook
me up, man, just look out, all right, call me back
at 557-2223 all right man, just look out, all right, look out for a
brother man!'
[Pos]
Up in them five star tellies sayin two mic rhymes
be them average emcees of the times.
Unlike them, we craft gems.
So systematically inclined to pen lines
without sayin' a producers name
all over the track.
Yeah I said it! What 'cha need ta do, is get back
to reading credits. (We the Medics)
Alphabetically stuck on that A grade shit, now
quit now, before we pour that sure shot
pure rock co kane flow
[Doom]
From the top of the key for three, Villain
been on in the game as long as he could wheelie a Schwinn,
turn the corner spinnin, bust that ass and get up,
dust off the mask whoever laugh, give em a head up.
He got jumped, it pumped his adrenaline,
he said it made him tougher than a bump of raw medicine.
To write all night long, the hour glass is still slow
flow from hellborn to free power like LILCO
and still owe bills, pay dues forever.
Slay you's when it comes to who's more cleverer.
Used to wore a leather goose V with the fur collar
and charged a fee for loose leaf, words per dollar
ya heard holla. Broad or dude, we need food,
eat your teams for sure, the streets sure seem rude.
For fam like the partridges, pardon him for the mix up
battle for your Atari cartridges or put your kicks up, it's a stick up.
[Dave]
Now put your blix up.
These Riddick Bo cuts is swoll like penile flicks
so give em twenty.
The danger in his eyes'll let you know he's a brawler;
bring ya tallest champs, like that much taller
ten pounds heavier, one step ahead of it.
Vocab stamina, styles all irreverent.
Camps and clicks, units, squad crews and clans
even ya tongues'll fuck around and lose ya maw
[Doom]
Doom brung that bum...there goes that news van again.
Act like you knew like Toucan Sam an em';
he eat rappers like part of a complete breakfast,
they rhymes ain't worth the weight of they cheap necklace.
String em up, ring em up, under wack junk snack
and get that out your hand punk, jump and get your dunk smacked
foul. We all know the rules bro,
you slow, you blow the Super
you fools, his own boss like Hugo
[Pos]
You go lights, camera, action wit no make-up.
We De La til the death or at least until we break up.
Here's a couple a nice guys who finish first
so nice try but the prize is ours, disperse.
They say the good die young so I added some
bad ass to my flavor to prolong my life over the drum.
Everyone, cools off from bein' hot
it's about if you can handle bein' cold or not.
And we was told ta hop on no ones dick by Prince Paul
we stayed original ever since y'all.
First to do a lot of things in the game
but the last to say it.
No need to place it on a scale to weigh it.
And don't do it for the praise or to raise the bar,
yeah this raised anyways so amazin' are
the three LI brothers from the other way thinkin'.
hey ya' ladies winkin'
I think ya' need to control that
or I have to hold that.
[Dave]
The elements are airborne I smell the success.
Yo let's cookie cut this shit and get the gingerbread man . . .
Sacrifice mics and push drugs to these rappers;
puff ponies til I turn blue in the lips.
Sippin' broads like 7-Up (ahhh)
so refreshing.
I finger pop these verses like first dates. The birth dates
September 2-1, 1-9-6-8
too old to rhyme, too bad too late.
(Double in background)
[Pos] Let me hear you say "Alright!"
[All] Alright! (Alright)
[Dave] Let me hear you say "Oh yeah!"
[All] Oh, yeah!
[Pos] Now let me hear you say "whatcha gonna do?"
[All] Whatcha gonna do?
[Dave] I need to hear you say "you gotta believe!"
[All] I gotta believe! (I gotta believe...)

[Verse 1: Pos]
If you thought your dreams were fulfilled before
You need to come on back, Jack
Look who walked in the door
It's Parappa The Rapper, and my name is Pos
I'm known to emcee for free or a cost
If you be at the mosque, synagogue, or church
Drop to your knees and pray for Parappa The Rapper
To save the day and make you scream hooray
Just clap on time, 'cause it's time to play

[Double]
I know you're slick and smooth, cool with an attitude
On the right track, leader of the pack
Kickin' back, never looking back
You know my words won't satisfy
What I have now, deep inside of me (Inside of me)
And all I need is much security

[Break 1: Pos]
When you're needed for a mission, he got your back
Sure to have a cool time, man, that's a fact
Yo, he's a good friend, never ever a foe
So come on and let's go

[Verse 2: Dave]
We are the concentrated Vitamin D, with the title
Hookin' it up, speedy quick, like noodles to cup
It ain't nothin' for the one man
Buttin' to move somethin'
Runnin' par rappin' through laps
Hurdlin' raps
And just when you thought your game was dead
Well, we got you cookin' up rhymes all in your think kettle
Proceed and click the next level for fun, player
Play ya game, player number one (One...)

[Double]
True love that speaks the truth
You know it'll help me through
In the cold night
In the morning, all night
Or even in a fight
You know you should come home to me
We can have fun until the morning light

[Verse 3: Pos]
Here to serve up a dish like Sunny Chan
You know I'm the man
Here to have fun
Wanna have a taste?
Here, have some
Servin' up O's by the oodles
Oh, I forgot
Parappa The Rapper, he don't like noodles

We like eating snapper that's red
Freestyle from the top of the head
Yo, Parappa got skill
Why don't you give it try, see what you can build
Tasty like fruit that's peeled
Watch your heels, you might slip and fall
And if you do, you know who to call (Who?)
It's Parappa The Rapper and De La, y'all

[Bridge: Double]
You and me can walk together
And down the road forever
And smell and touch the treasures of life
Every day
Love and hate are face to face
And good and bad are back to back
Every day, uh huh
(Uh huh, uh huh, oh yeah, yay)

[Verse 4: Dave]
Switch on your 36 inches
You in the boob tube, trapped deep
'Til the game watch you sleep
Overdosed on moves taught by the sensei
Your timing's all off, tiger
You in the little leagues
Striking out a De La joint
Book a session for the Plugs and PJ
To come train the camp, y'all
Mooselini, graffiti tag and plug dose
(Dose, dose, dose)
Game over, I'm ghost (Ghost, ghost)

[Break 2: Pos]
When you're needed for a mission, he got your back
Sure to have a cool time, man, that's a fact
Yo, he's a good friend, never ever a foe
Come on, everybody, saddle up and let's go

(Double in background)
[Pos] All my people say "Alright!"
[All] Alright!
[Dave] Yeah, that was good
Now let me hear you say "Oh yeah!"
[All] Oh yeah! (Oh yeah)
[Pos] Now let me hear you say whatcha gonna do
[All] Whatcha gonna do?
[Dave] Come on, y'all
Let me hear you say "I gotta believe!"
[All] I gotta believe! (Believe...)

[Double] Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, yay
POS:
Now let's get right on down to the skit
A baby is brought into a world of pits
And if it could've talked that soon
In the delivery room
It would've asked the nurse for a hit
The reason for this?
The mother is a jerk
Excuse me Junkie
Which brought the work of the old
Into a new light
What a way
But this what a way
Has been a way of today
Anyway
Push couldn't shove me to understand a path to a basehead
Consumer should erase it in the first wave
But second wave forms believers
And believers will walk to it then even talk to it and say...
(You got the body now you want my soul)
Nah, can't have none of that, tell 'em what to say Mase...
SAY NO GO
DOVE:
Nah, no my brother
No my sister
Try to get hip to this
Word, word to the mother
I'll tell the truth so bear my witness
Fly like birds of a feather
Drugs are like Pleather
You don't wanna wear it
No need to ask that question, just don't mention
You know what the answer is...
POS:
Now I never fancied Nancy
But the statement she made held a plate of weight
I even stressed it to Wade
DOVE:
Did he take any heed?
POS:
Nah, the boy was hooked, you could've phrased the word "Base"
And the kid just shook
In his fashion class once an A now an F
The rock rules him now
The only designs left
Were once clothes made for Oshkosh
Has converted to nothing but stonewash
DOVE:
Now hopping in a barrel is a barrel of fun
But don't hop in if you want to be down, son
'Cause that could mean down and out as an action
What does it lead to?
Dum-da-dum-dum
People say what have I done for all my years
My tears show my hard-earned work
I heard shoving is worse than pushing
But I'd rather know a shover than a pusher
'Cause a pusher's a jerk
SAY NO GO
POS:
Believe it or not the plot forms a fee more that charity
But the course doesn't coincide with the ride of insanity
Is it a chant that slants the soul to fill for it?
I know it's the border that flaunts the order to kill for it
DOVE:
Standing, scheming on a young one
Taking his time, eight-ball for a cool pool player
Racked it all, tried to break, miscued
Got beat by the boy in blue
Next day you're out by the spot once more
Looking hard for a crack in the hole
I ask what's the fix for the ill stuff
Word to the Dero
The answer should have been no
POS:
Run me a score from the Funky Four Plus One More
(It's the joint!)
Rewind that back
This is the age for a new stage of fiend
Watch how the junkies scream
It's the crack
Plain is plain it should explain it from the start
Behind the ideals of cranking up the heart
Now the base claim's shot over every part
SAY NO GO
DON"T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT
SAY NO GO
SAY NO GO
Now check it (sup?)
Let me set the mood here aight? (yeah aight cool)
We gonna, set it off with In-dee-dee, dee-dee-dee, -deed
(Yeah that's right) You know
La-la-la-la-ladies first and all that
(That's right ladies first)
So peep it - you see this girl
who been poppin MAD shit about you
So I want you to get into it a little bit
I want you to cru-cru-cru-crush that ??

[Indeed]
I was sittin on my lunchbreak, grittin my teeth
It's the last day of the week, man what a relief
My arms are sore as hell, I felt rigid and stiff
so I turned around and I rolled this big fat spliff
That's when I seen her, steppin out a rented yellow Beemer
This local ghetto fame rap cat her name was Tina
She was braggin she was goin on tour
The same shit she was screamin since the year before
Ever since the De La Soul video, she seen me on the TV
Heard that she was holdin a grudge and tryin to see me
Workin underground circuits and mad cyphers of people
When she asked who was ill, all she got was Indeed
She wanna battle (what?) and it wasn't hard to tell
All that I was thinkin bout was tryin to smoke my L
I had four hours left and I was tired as hell
Plus it was 12:55 almost time for the bell
She had an ill screwface mug, frontin like she know Joe
Gangsta bitch profile, boppin like allegro
Forty-below Timbos, fatigues saggin
Pullin all her money out her pocket while she's braggin
on her gold fronts with her name on it
Her ice finger roll hand g-low while she claim fame on it
I peeped the stee' - then I crushed her with ease
just for interruptin me while I was rollin my trees

AIGHT? (Whoo!)
That shit was bla-bla-bla, bla-blaze! (word)
Now we gon' se-se-set, se-set this one up
for my man Mercenary (aight aight yo let's do this)
(whassup?) Yo, I don't want you to make it like
a story or nuttin (aight)
I just want-want, want want-want
want you to come on some straight rhy-rhy-rhyme
rhy-rhy, rhy-rhme shit - rip a nigga in his ass!
And let him know how WE do it, y-y-y'know?

[Pos]
Now Maseo puff cheeba, while Rich sniff lines
David J push the whip while Candy Cal pull dimes
And me right behind, with the shorty gettin her math
to do the Savion routine and just, tap that ass
Still the one who kill wackness, man I left them niggaz crippled
Had em all soft to hard back to soft like a nipple
My +Art is Official+ while you're art-ificial
Break you down to your very last participle
Let me enlighten you, cause your third eye's on dim
Me gettin taken out is rare like a smile from Rakim
See I'm remarkable, you're just bull
last name shit, y'all niggaz need to quit
Open your mitt, and catch this
I autograph every word you bit
??Testify then?? take your picture
Got an infinity of non-rhymes to hit ya
while your whole clan is blam
Understand that you must be smokin POUNDS of weed out of a pipe
and mistook your munchies, for bein hungry for the mic
And now you have to deal with these cats who's truly right
like estates with a pit on the lawn bark at the gates
Put the whole entire plate in your face
Make the point like who's that on that joint? It's me
I'm in everything you see like ??, yo I'm in demand
I'm in the club man I'm in your hand
bein bought, I'm even in the thought from your girl
The only thing you're in is in acting
Your world'll be smashed
Run against the Won and you'll be last
like that call for alcohol, depletin your cash

That's how you supposed to get in somebody ass
y'knowhatmsayin? Know-know-know, know-know, know-know dat!
Hahahahahaha

{*ghost weed skit 2 follows*}
(We not goin to JC Penney's, we not goin to Macy's either)

[Chorus: Daniel Wallace]
Shopping bags they weigh down her arm
Popping tags and collars her charm
All them things she got, she got from you
All them things she got, she got from you
Manolo and Prada's her style
Louis, Burberry by the pile
All them things she got, she got from you
All them things she got, she got from you

[Posdonus]
Yo she know you come to do it, so what'cha want
Candelight might flick at'cha
Put your credit card to it, she know what to flaunt
Her handle tight like a master
She used to taunt on the runway, yeah she's down to tree
The avenue like her catwalk
Struck a bit to the gunplay, that housing street
looks to die for, ask that chalk man for yo' hand
Spend it, you live to show
All the cash that you can burn
What you need is to end it, cause you give the dough
But get no ass back in return {*HA, HA HA*}
Stay laughin, straight at you dog
Best believe, you wastin time
Don't deny what's happenin, just clear the fog
And achieve you a peace line, yo it goes like

[Chorus] - 1/2

[Daniel Wallace]
She got from you, she, sh-she, she got it
She got from you, she, sh-sh, sh-she got it

[Dave]
Her frame goes beyond thick, she got you stunned
Livin it up off the pop hits
Like a dame on a Bond flick, she's not the one
To give it up 'til you cop shit
Just because she's stacked right, she got your soul
Her every wish you now obey
You should be on that actright, but she got control
She say jump you scream, "OKAY! I'M RELOADED!"
Nigga you shootin blanks
Tryin to front like you got game
Her crib is sugar coated, like she lootin banks
But it's your wallet she done claimed
When the limit of your plastic, reaches the end
You start payin for your time
She'll be in it for the last bit, of money to spend
{*HA, HA HA*} And you'll be left with dimes
While she fillin up

[Chorus]

[Daniel Wallace]
She got from you, she, sh-she, she got it
She got from you, she, sh-sh, sh-she got it
(On and on at two steps ahead)
(On and on at two steps ahead)
(Three steps ahead)
(Three steps ahead)
POS:
(What's the subject?)
The Shwingalo hot damn
(Is Posdnuos gonna start?)
I am I am
(And by the order of Shwing on hand)
I present to you the Preacher Man
Peace everyone everyone I hope
Plate is not a caper plate is not a hoax
Is it is the now step labeled Shwingalo
Shopper brag a basket, fill it to the bro
What's the Shwingalokate? Question me instead.
Mental is the mood, whether live or dead
Level is the groove when I lead the led
But hip is my lip when I'm Shwinging it
(On and on at two steps ahead)
(On and on at two steps ahead)
DOVE:
(What's the next step?)
It's the fool of the clan
(Is he down with the Shwing?)
I am, I am
(And by the order of Swing on hand)
I present to you, the whole shalam
Last was the gas, flower by the pound
Shoo, puppy tough, shoo, flower power hound
Season of the Shwing is sound and it's bound
90 got the gift so lift from the ground
Speak me an age, age at the dough
Feed me the donut, feed me the O
School me with the new 'cause the new
Kept me fed with the brew
I'm glued to the stew and I'm Shwinging it
Breathe me the out, breathe me the in
Send it with a skit neither friend nor begin
Label it a Shwing, brother come for the win
Catch me the border, must start to begin
90 got the knack of the Soul, grab a bit
90 proved them wrong to those who commit
Dis to the hit list, pitched by the hit
Caught by the herds of those in the pit
Pull me a puff of the blunt as it breeds
This benefit's just what you need
Just because I'm fallin', saved by the weed
With dred, 'cause you know indeed I'm shwinging it
(On and on at two steps ahead)
(On and on at two steps ahead)
POS:
Constructed like an apple but roll like a grape
Try with the games 'cause the fools'll take shape
Stuff to the too tough, grave is in the groove
Sop it like Sound, yo honey make a move
Shufflin' your feet, that's stiffer than a nap
Open up an eardrum, don't wait for the cap
Sip a third of lager, extract the waste
Tell me tell me tell me, can you get a case?
Never oops honey, dope not a threat
Peace be found on your color telly set
Pick up the proof for the stool pigeon sing
Shwing a load o' dat, 'cause I must put Shwing
(On and on at two steps ahead)
(On and on at two steps ahead)
(Three steps ahead)
(Three steps ahead)
[Chaka Khan]
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh!
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh!

Chorus: Chaka Khan (repeat 2X)

It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin like you think they should - it's all on you

[Chaka Khan]
I don't care about what you think you see
the thangs you want to know when you look at me
God knows I done been through and paid my dues
Can't change how you feel, cause it's - all on you-whoahhha-ohhh-yeah

I wish that, you could be a little bit more upfront
Weigh the situation how you want (right)
The lovin that you claim is just a four letter word
The third letter's invitin so visualize the verb
You curve thoughtways when you're handlin the candleabra
so you sittin on the baby grand
Transmittin like you're made of man
but you paint a funny face like a chick
When I see you I'ma tell you quick that uhh..

Chorus 1/2

I can't believe we built this large pizza pie together
No pepperoni
Yeah you wanted extra cheese, sometimes I gave you extras
How we divided slices like the Red Sea theory
I was Moses hopelessly scorned by your thorn zapora
Tried to bring that fairy-tale life, you wanted horror
but my microscope couldn't see or cope with that
I had to bolt from that, and left you dead in the sea
It's better for me, I'm satisfied with reppin for D

We were certified hot, then dropped to lukewarm
Now we back up in the spot, claimin never been gone
Niggaz who cut us off, wanna reattach us now
(Them girls who brushed us off, say they want some #'s to dial)
Yeah I give that ass a number, and some lumber to pile
Now catch a curve from my kick (or show me lovin by brick)
So stick to the same plan, don't come shakin my hand
like we peeps, it ain't beef but be sure to understand
Between us, it ain't all..

Chorus

You see them kids be schemin on what we done copped
Always out there schemin!
They steady fiendin for the moment they can get us off the block
Why they always fiendin?

Your people might have your back, but you need to watch your front
Indeed, ain't nothin guaranteed

That's the truth! Things ain't goin like you think they should

A lot say they wanna walk in my size 10's
Aight then; here's a pair
Lace 'em up tight then you might feel what was dealt to me
You see ain't no young boys up in here; keep a clear head
Tryin to keep my pockets on stuffed - like deer heads
upon the wall, so all the gall we get from y'all DON'T FAZE
So mind your biz and walk away
cause I'm never gonna let you up inside my maze

I don't care about what you think you see
the thangs you want to know when you look at me
God knows I done been there and paid my dues
I can't change how you feel, cause it's all, on you-whoahhha-ohhhhh

Chorus
"Turn that shit off man! What's wrong with you man?
You know we got a party man, get the other record!"

(Here we go..)
".. (Let it go!) Just one more time!" -> from "Stix N Stonz"

[Mike D]
It's the M-I-K, E ohh to the D
I'm comin exquisite and V.I.P.
Tryin to spread some love like roots on a tree
Stayin true to this vision in the Y2G

[Dove]
Two G's got em scratchin it like the fleas
And Ad Rock got it locked like a crooked cop

[Ad Rock]
Noooooowww; it's Ad Rock, y'all remember me
The guy ya bit ya style from off the TV

[Pos]
I score Mmmma-Zah-Ayy's all day, my essays are felt worldwide
We like four planets on the mic
Aligned arrays retired all in the days
Game (baby-baby) too blam for these lames

[Ad Rock]
When I was nine, I played with slime
Got rhymes ga-lot, got rhymes ga-limes
I got a million like rhymes leavin ya stung
I got my own crew called the nasal tongue!

[Dove]
Yo take a few of these b-boys and call me in the mornin (okay)
Keep it on the crusty eye, bagel with some butterflies
Spit gritty like we in MCA's voice box
Y'all bull and my ox don't fit the mix

(Disc jock!) It be some classic material kid
(Disc jock!) Got the calm cats blowin their lid
(Disc jock!) You get plush off the rack
and buy plenty or more we got em by the stack
(Disc jock!) Got us walkin all over the world
for all the fly fellas and all the fly girls
(Disc jock!) You can't get enough when we servin this

[repeat 8X]
Come on - SQUAT!

[Pos]
Now we'd like, to introduce to you, Ad Rock

[Ad Rock]
Ad Rock in the house you don't stop!
It's the B-E-A-S-T-I-E B-O-Y-S with the most finesse
Don't mean to be crude, don't mean to be crass
But listen Guiliani you can kiss my ass (what?)
You heard my word, now Dove you play the preacher
Get on the mic if you love all the creatures

[Dove]
Well yeah I got these fishes swimmin round my baracuda
Back in '82 I used to ride a street scooter
Called em cuter than pigtails, sales you keep em level, and
smack you with a shovel and break your lifestyle (owww!)
Firm on the mic since my days of a child
Got a "License +TOO+ Ill" to flash to police
The only beast I huddles with the Beastie Boys
Bringin "Noise" like P.E. to your TV

[Pos]
Aiyyo this beat's barefoot and knock-kneed
Stripped to the rhyme!
And every line made from scratch
Attached like stripes to shell-toes
Thin spools that hold the herb
Mike what's the word? (WORD!)

[Mike D]
It's like the ooh-la-la, ooh-ooh-la-la
Rhymin over old breaks like the Mardis Gras
Party people cross and bump they go ooh and they ahh
And Mike D and Ad Rock down with the De La

(Disc jock!) Get the people dancin for real
(Disc jock!) Theater (jock!) holdin mass appeal
(Disc jock!) You can't get enough STILL
so here's another dose for you to feel!
Put ya body in it!

[repeat 8X]
Come on - SQUAT!

[Mike D]
I'm feelin good, damn good, but also confused
This stuff from hip-hop that's bein misused
It's desirin, acquirin, tryin to be like Iverson
if it means backstabbin and also conspirin

[all together]
Nowwww, the people in the front - you do the bump bump
The people in the back - they're not the whack whack
The people in the middle - come on and wiggle wiggle
And the people on the side - we can all take a ride!

[Dove]
In my VW I done swung an ep' or two
The rear in my hatchback y'all know I scratched that
Here to haystack, keep it rosy in the Rolls
Skiddin out to place my vote at the polls for Ad Rock

[Ad Rock]
Well I'm the the toe tapper, yes the hand clapper
From the middle school like the educated rapper
I'm known as an occupational MC
You think I lose sleep if you sleep on me?!

[Pos]
Its the rock solid, pilot, here to fly (ROCK!)
Reachin elevations too far for the eye (EYE!)
Miraculous beats over breaks in these packages
Seen (all over the globe) and all the types
who thinks our joints is aight, here's a swab for ya ear
(to clean out ya lobe) and listen to a few views
from two crews spittin for the art of it
We ain't takin over but damn sure takin part of it

[Dove]
Started it ever since we minced meat
You Sloppy Joe's went and took a bit of the corn dog
Stay there! I'ma play there (cuz they pay there)
In the big old Santa Claus bag got discs and now we out

[Beastie Boys]
Signin off, signin off, our work is done
So come on party people..
Have (have) have (have) have FUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!

".. (Let it go!) Just one more time!" -> from "Stix N Stonz"
POS:
The instamatic focal point bringing damage to your boroughs
Be some brothers from the east with some beats that be thorough
Got the solar gravitation so I'm bound to pull it
I gets down like brothers are found ducking from bullets
Gun control means using both hands in my land
Where it's all about the cautious livin'
Migrating to a higher form of consequence compliments
Of strugglin' that shouldn't be notable,
Man every word I say should be a hip hop quotable.
DOVE:
I'm sick of bitches shakin' asses
I'm sick of talkin' about blunts,
Sick of Versace glasses,
Sick of slang,
Sick of half-ass awards shows,
Sick of name brand clothes.
Sick of R&B bitches over bullshit tracks,
Cocaine and crack
Which brings sickness to blacks,
Sick of swoll' head rappers
With their sicker-than raps
Clappers and gats
Makin' the whole sick world collapse
The facts are gettin' sick
Even sicker perhaps
Stickabush to make a bundle to escape this synapse
POS:
Man life can get all up in your ass baby you betta work it out
Let me tell you what it's all about
A skin not considered equal
A meteor has more right than my people
Who be wastin' time screaming who they've hated
That's why the Native Tongues have officially been re-instated
(Vibes....vibrations)
Stakes is high
(Higher than high)
You know them stakes is high
(Higher than high)
When we talkin' 'bout the
(Vibes....vibrations)
Stakes is high, you know them stakes is high
When we dealin' with the
(Vibes....vibrations)
Stakes is high
(Hey yo, what about that love?)
POS:
Yo, it's about love for cars, love for funds
Loving to love mad sex, loving to love guns
Love for opposite, love for fame and wealth
Love for the fact of no longer loving yourself, kid
We living in them days of the man-made ways
Where every aspect is vivid,
these brothers no longer talk shit
Hey yo, these niggas live it
'Bout to give it to you 24/7 on the microphone
Plug One translating the zone
No offense to a player, but yo, I don't play
And if you take offense, fuck it, got to be that way
J.D. Dove, show your love, what you got to say?
DOVE:
I say G's are making figures at a high regard
And niggas dying for it nowadays ain't odd
Investing in fantasies and not God
Welcome to reality, see times is hard
People try to snatch the credit, but can't claim the card
Showing out in videos, saying they cold stars
See, shit like that will make your mama cry
Better watch the way you spend it
'Cause the stakes is high
Y'all know them stakes is high
When we talkin' 'bout the
(Vibes....vibrations)
Stakes is high
I think that smiling in public is against the law
'Cause love don't get you through life no more
It's who you know and "How you, son?"
And how you gettin' in, and who the man holding
Hey yo, and how was the scams and how high
Yo what up, huh? I heard you caught a body
Seem like every man and woman shared a life with John Gotti
POS:
But they ain't organized!
DOVE:
Mixing crimes with life enzymes
Taking the big scout route
And niggas know doubt better
Than they know their daughters
And their sons
(Oh boy)
POS:
Yo, people go through pain and still don't gain
Positive contact just like my main man
Who got others cleaning up his physical influence
His mind got congested
He got the nine and blew it
Neighborhoods are now hoods cause nobody's neighbors
Just animals surviving with that animal behavior
Under I who be rhyming from dark to light sky
Experiments when needles and skin connect
No wonder where we live is called the projects
When them stakes is high you damn sure try to do
Anything to get the piece of the pie
Electrify
Even die for the cash
But at last I be out even though you wantin' more
This issue is closed like an elevator door
But soon re-opened once we get to the next floor where the
(Vibes....vibrations)
Stakes is high
Y'all know them stakes is high
When we talkin' 'bout the
(Vibes....vibrations)
Stakes is high
Stakes is high, come on
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush stickabush stickabush stickabush
Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush
Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush
Stickabush, (Uh-huh) stickabush, (Oh yeah)
Stickabush, (Oh yeah) stickabush, stickabush
Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush
Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush (Bullshit!)
featuring BizMarkie

* BizMarkie starts out the song beatboxing while
De La Soul chants the words "I'll beatbox" *

[Dove] Ah mic test one two
[BizM] Aww man I check it better
[DeLa] Ah whatcha mean BizMarkie? Whatcha mean BizMark?
[BizM] I hit the rhyme with the mayonnaise that's what I mean
[DeLa] Ah whatcha mean BizMarkie? Whatcha mean BizMark?
[BizM] Man I got beats up my sleeve like you wouldn't BELIEVE!
[DeLa] Whatcha mean BizMarkie? Whatcha mean BizMark?

[BizMarkie]
Ah with my "ah one two" I substitute about a loop
So let me serve with the slope, with the Plug of two scoops!

[Dove]
Mr. Miyag' never did dip for Dove
Bootleggers my legs and, grit about a hug
And who gets the Motts, I knots by the chance
I rain-dance.. I rain-dance
But steppin just a bit I don't need another shadow
Makes makes, is gonna be the new man's motto
Don't increase the bull, because my pulley is broken
and my belly is full
It's a second I reckon on the bone and the ball
Makin London bridges fall, so check it
I bring a point to the joints that we change and chop
but we could bring it back to the beatbox!

* BizMarkie beatboxes with style and soul *

[Posdonus]
I'm Posdonus Plug Wonder.. plotter
Serenade her cause I gotta.. record
When in the womb I was naked.. now I
chill with latex cause of how I, enter
the black wood without a splinter, provin
I had the chills what helps in movin, asses
Saw the light cause I got glasses, so we
sip the cappucino slowly

[BizMarkie]
I'sah makes the big money!
I drive big

[Posdonus]
cars, serve the bubble like a bar.. tender
When in flight like a sender, lace
Sticks of dynamite on bass, head

[BizMarkie]
Lace the shoe until he dead

[Shorty No Mas]
Run! Cause the cop is gonna come
This my Plug style

[Posdonus]
so they can kiss my, grits
Hold my balls without a mitt.. grab
the mouthpiece to talk the dag.. nabit
I keeps goin like that rabbit, rico-
-chet a dame I need a Snicker, satis-
-fy the Norman to the Gladys, Knight
My glasses help me see the light, so we
sip the capuccino slow

[BizMarkie]
In life, it's what you see is usually whatcha

[Posdonus]
get, won't take a Drag-without-a-Net, no

[BizMarkie]
To put the rhythm in the, bone

[Posdonus]
marrow, laid the pipe to please Cari-lou

[BizMarkie]
I don't know!

[Posdonus]
If it's true..
.. THAT'S A FUMBLE!
WELL CATCH A FEVER FROM THE JUNGLE
Chocolate, nubian girls flock to it, sweets
And if I can't sample beats, get the
beatbox equipped with the, dirt
BizMark and Doug E. works, fine
Mase work the wheel I tangle lines, HARK
the light is thirsty in the dark
so we..

* BizMarkie beatboxing while De La Soul chants the words "I'll beatbox" *

[Dove]
It's like I saw it in the river but my M wasn't fixed
Super heavy like a Chevy pump a Maseo mix
I had some screams in my pockets, and played it kinda hush
and did the outs (got to check out, the avenue)
I peeped the ?? Zoah ?? on the gimme gimme, plus we hit the plat'
Then the amps was on samp's, the villains got fat
The Natives weren't the neighbor then to, NIGGA PLEASE
It's a hustle for a joint when your settlement G's
But we still be on the wax because it acts like that
We still be on the moves because it moves like that
So there ain't no reason to don't stop
Cause we can bring it back to the beatbox!

* BizMark finishes it off *

"Yo who, I don't know who was on the mic man
This thing smell awful here man.."
The sounds that you're about to hear, are
Strictly Dan Stuckie

This is an attack of a killer bee...
Wow. Sting, sting, sting
(Daisy, Daisy, Daisy)
I love daisies, I love daisies
I love push...
(high on sunshine lightin' my way)
[Dove]
and yes y'all
you are about to build witness
from the lands of Long Island
takin' you to the sky's survival
I am your captain ain't no lie
on this endless joruney
to invisions to brouden your outer visions
to where you never been before
it's just a one night trip to love
sun shinin' forever and forever sun shines
[Pos]
yo leaving lasting impressions like cuts to flesh
be that crew from the five one six point of view
with skills so tight, they the rhymes of a vigina
them clits will turn into a diamond, the level of rhymin'
pressure comes from lessor forms than me and my man
and we go back like life created from um, specks of sand
and there's money to be made 'cause cacaussians are paid
only brothers who rhyme, seek bounce and catch balls
Plug 1, with them rhymes makin' your heart stall
like them girls when you in they room when they man calls
it ain't nothin' but the thing Oneder Why can bring
as we come to the bring the pain everyone will sing
[Chorus]
De La is the crew that you must hear, but please don't rush the stage
'cause even though them stakes are realy high, we're really not here
to race
we're just here to move your mind and soul with propetuated ease
it's just about the show until it's time to go, and get with the young
ladies
[Dove]
I'm on travellin' to places that the eye can't see
but kinder, cause yo' strife don't mean a thing to me
throwin' me criminal looks, y'all need to get in the books
and drop some water in your melon, 'stead of actin' like a felon
aiyo son, who you tellin'? I'd make a mil if it was up to me
but since it ain't I teach my seed to bank hard
and than God, I smoke a substance of a different kind
catch me trippin' on earth when I'm high off sunshine
[Pos]
down right to dirt, Oneder Why makes it work
with access to talent like cacaussins to yellow cabs
with an Arab driver
I liven parties with marvelous confiction
ain't no fricition when life claims them victims who be ??? some dried
up
funds
best believe that the life is trife
'casue the gun made a man outta pussy's from around my way
who usually wouldn't have a fuckin' thing to say
last year's hard rocks are now petrified boulders
and L.I.'s finest is movin' yo' necks at shows
the anthem of ths guy has a place in yo' eye
so you can be blessed to see in 3d double-e
[Chorus]
Chorus: (Slick Rick sample from MC Ricky D and Doug E. Fresh's
"La Di Da Di")
Hey whatever happened to the *emcees*
Times done changed for the *emcees*
Every woman and man wanna *emcee*
But for what I tell you *emcee*ing ain't for you!
Hey whatever happened to the *emcees*
Times done changed for the *emcees*
Every woman and man wanna *emcee*
But for what I tell you *emcee*ing ain't for you!
Verse One: Dove
Man I'm on the set like the flicks so let your parents flash
A splash bigger than whales, I'm makin monsters mash
Spit Pinnochio's Theory when shit be looking weary
I need rest, but I boogie for now, I'm on some mess
like the best mics respond to me
Living days, like dreams of specializing in the art that pays
I be a mystic for life, so check my ID number
Emcees be kneading/needing dough while I make bread like Wonder
Yes, that's what you heard, so save that acting for the screen
See you can can that manager with the beans
I bust emcees like lies surprise em out the box
Put away the soda pops I'd rather rub on the rocks
A dime-getter tried to get what I got, for what?
I guess Southern folks cash makes the lovin come fast
But I'm past alla that, it's time to break with the breeze
Get to your knees, here comes the Supa Emcees
Chorus
Verse Two: Pos
Within this program of rap, I'll eradicate the glitches
Yo I'm dark like Wesley, but I be sparkin more bitches
and to them my constellation put your lives in jep
While you others represent, I present my rep
Cause when it comes to making dents, I'm that main in print
Even smoked from blunts which give eyes the reddish tint
Could not prevent, YOU from seeing I'm the light
but bring attention to my words like some ads in tights
I heard you want to fight me, with your words on stage
So Mase pulls that instrumental from the jam YOU made
And as he starts cutting what you sold, I'll talk all over your tones
as if my name was Pete Rock or Sean "Puffy" Combs
Send your tattered ass home, with celly phones I roam
with my fleet, here to make this rap game complete
While you live fables, unstable, acting very radical
Projecting like you're hard, when in fact you're quite vaginal
Chorus
(It's hurting.)
(Smell your breath!)
(You smell like Jabba.)
(Your nose is what's doing it.)
(You're talking into the recording... YO!)
(Okay Lucky start it off.)
Take take take take take it off...
Take it off take take take take it off
Take it off take take take take it off
Take it off take take take take it off
Take it off
Take it OFF!
(Take that suede front off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those contacts off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that horsemeat off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those shell-toes off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those track fleas off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that doo-rag off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that moth rag off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those fat laces off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that bomber off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that BVD off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those Converse off)
Take it OFF!
(And those Gazelles too)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Kangol off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Jordache off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Afro off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that jhericurl off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Le Tigre off)
Take those acid-washed jeans, bell-bottomed, designed by your mama...
off? Please? Please..
(The radio is so clear in here.)

(Hey)

POS AND ANN ROBERTS:
Hey Love
Talkin' bout Hey Love
Wanna be your push and shove
Pop, popcorn up above
Move me like Soul when I say
Go to a club around the way
And see my Hey DJ
And make him play Hey Love
Discover all the football teams
Mack and eat jelly beans
Run in the cold with no jeans
Get yourself sick till we're seen
Catch the flu and make tea
How Dan Stuckie life will be
It's all about you and me
'Cause you're my Hey Love
(Hey)
Move me like Soul when I say
Go to a club around the way
And see my Hey DJ
And make him play Hey Love
(Hey)

TESHA STILLS: Look Pos, we gotta talk.
POS: Talk about what?
TESHA: Don't play stupid with me, you know what we gotta talk about.
POS: What?
TESHA: About you becoming fully dedicated.
POS: So we're about to go through these line-runs again, huh?
TESHA: You're damn right. I wanna know whatever you do for me has
anything to do with love.
POS: Look, I come all the way from L.I. to the Bronx to see you, isn't
that showing you love?
TESHA: You see that's just it Pos, I don't wanna be just your Bronx
love, I wanna be your Hey Love.
POS: You wanna be my what?
TESHA: I said I wanna be your Hey Love. I mean it's just not the mood
being one of the many girls on your
list, and you wouldn't be dissing me like this if I was your Hey Love.

POS: Look, I do everything I can to treat you like a rose.
TESHA: Yeah but you even give better treatment to that girl named
Selina from uptown like a Daisy. You even
gave her some of your special donuts for free.
POS: So this is what this is all about, huh? Donuts.
TESHA: No, Pos, can't you hear the music, it's all about Hey Love
POS: I don't understand why you're dissing me, it's not like I'm Paul,
I don't have two kids in every state.
TESHA: But you probably got two girls in every state. If you're not
going to go about it the way I want you
to, then just leave, 'cause I can't be so bothered.
POS: Yeah. (mumbled) And wit your wrinkled pussy...
(I can't be your lover)

(Where's that voice coming from? From... from nowhere?)
I WAS..

[Pos]
.. on my way, to the disco
You know the club, Maseo was rockin rub that night
Midnight to four, name at the door
but the whole crew I can get in as well
So I got on my cell, called my nigga C. Smith
Let this be a jam that we need not miss
"Yeah I'm already en route," no doubt
Might even jump up on the mic
to make sure that this party's turned out
And we some punctual types, on time, look for the line
to stand we find girls screamin the blues
Miscellaneous shoes everywhere
"Yo Mase, what happened here?"
("Go Brooklyn!") Yo Brooklyn, y'all know the rules
Bump ?? people and out come the tools
Ain't been a fair fight since the creation of crews
and that's why them dudes hearts all pumped
Done closed the club down,
cause one of they niggaz got jumped
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
Uh-huh, you heard the hook
No matter you Braveheart or shook
You can catch a bottle from the right, tap to the left
Kicks to the mids relievin you of breath
I seen it done sloppy, seen it organized
Some saw it comin and for others it was SURPRISE
Catch a swollen eye and blood loss, courtesy of the
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **

[Dove]
Yo! When they put the contracts out, bats and chairs included
Chicks can get into it - 'specially pretty broads
My New York City dawgs seem to master the art
When you hear the ("WHOO!") that's when the bullshit'll start
It only takes a second less you got on ice
Just for wearin your chain in they club, they'll beat you twice
Served with fried rice, you get a can of whoop ass
My only advice is don't fall and book ass
For the nigga who slip, don't fall in a position
where your lip'll catch a hickie (girl they'll fuck your mascara)
Shoot, go and ask Tara, just for havin good hair
man they left her ass cute, pulled it dead out the roots (ARRRGH!!)
It's never one or two of 'em, they headin out in troops
Timbos, hoodies loose over jumpsuits
Waitin for the first vic to disrespect
Catch a double-dutch rope around your neck in the midst of the
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **

[Pos]
It's schematically plotted out to break hearts and bodies
and ya best believe we came to party
Don't cause trouble but still can find double the crew
against you and your peeps and leap-like-frogs on ya
for reasons like - not in the right part of town
actin like you wore a crown
Some occasions long and mean to earn the right
to throw signs wearin only one color scheme
And bein positive is no exclusion
That's an illusion - you can still catch contusions
for flossin your hard-earned shine
I'm talkin games ?? ?? the longest
then it's some other niggaz time
You'll get beat out of your mind just for rage
Shit my black ass almost got pulled off stage
Just for holdin it down on the mic, you could be talkin,
"Black people unite," and still catch a lump from the
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **
** Jump, jump, jump to it! **

[Maseo]
Yo, it's this joint, called the art of getting jumped
We had to put this one on the album y'know?
Yeah - this is dedicated
to them punk motherfuckers out in Germany
That Turkish gang that jumped me up in the fuckin club
Tried to knock me senseless
They just couldn't get me though
That's why I second round outside on 'em
Pull out some fuckin guns - punk bastards
and that's why my ass was hidin under the bridge (HAHAHAHA)
[Featuring Common]
Intro: Common (Craig Mack sample from "Get Down")
And and bass up the track a little bit
Cuz I I'm here I wanna hear that boom bish boom knowhatI'msayin?
Yeah yeah you know the bizness
Common Sense soul with the De La
Get all them play ahs
We the rhyme sayers
Huh and that's the bizness hah
Gonna do it like this
Gettin it that
Like the Chicago streets
Verse One: Dove
I speak divine of God theories, no need to be high
Always exhale the facts cause I don't inhale lye/lie
Play the greater man's game, to bounce off my losses
So I can earn the acres (uhh) the houses (yeah) the horses (huh)
Of course it's much greater than your Benx or your Lex
The engine to my comprehension is just too complex
Much too complex, EFX/effects be live like Das
Making moves down South, to avoid the chaos
And never, flaunt the coin cuz dime-getters be gazin
They call me Luther Van, they say my style is so Amazin
I'm fazin those who're supposed to have the last laughter
Cuz even when I'm gone I'm reappearin in the after
I haveta, send respects to real money makers
Do not connect us with those champaign sippin money fakers
Taste the quarter pound with spice from Chi-town
Now what that prove, you're so full you can't even move
Chorus:
Cause I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E
And can't another brother cook these delicacies
Well I'm the P-L-U, the G-to-the-One
Walk around the planet earth making money having fun
And I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win
I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink...
Verse Two: Common
Do you wanna be a MC? Or do you wanna serve
Do you wanna be dope? Or do you wanna deal it
Fabricated acryllic, I feel it, I'm the style molester
I do a show get Extra P's like the Large Professor
In fact I get more hoes than Tessa, peep game like a
refa-ree in soul control of my
desti-ny, in the best of, three out of five
Whip ANYBODY ass at NBA Live, rappers
take a dive like Greg Lougainis with his bitch-ass
Rather be in Bebe's alley, than at the click with gators
Not a hater of the players, I'm more like a coach, or an owner
I Used To Love H.E.R., but now I bone her (ahuh-hah!)
At one point in rhyme I thought I lost my erection
But then I got it back with the Resurrection, blessings
upon rhymes old man who called him traitor
Big Com Stradamus niggaz styles I predict
Chorus:
I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win
And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E
And can't no other brother cook these delicacies
Well I'm the P-L-U, the-G-to-the-One
Walk around the planet earth making money having fun
Walk around the planet earth making money having fun
Walk around the planet earth making money having fun
Verse Three: Pos
I'm the most from the coast of the East, then flee
Droppin more knowledge than litter, on the New York peeve
It's me, wonder why, in the place to be
Certified, as superior, MC
While others explore to make it hardcore
I make it hard for, wack MC's to even step inside the door
Cause these kids is rhyming, sometiming
And when we get to racing on the mic, they line up to see
the lyrical killing, with stained egos on the ceiling
My rhymes escalates like black death rates
Over music plates, being played as the rule
Kids thinking stepping to the Soul, you're labelled fools
who claims to drop jewels but for now you do the catching
I don't worry on what crew you run, or what section of earth
you reside, you're not even a man
So I don't seem it mandatory taking your pride
But I will, cause my man said Soul for the life
You cried "Keepin it real", yet you should try keepin it right
That's understanding microphone mathematics
Which leaves the currency in temporary world status
And when one shows he posed threat to this one
This one will make that one into none
Simple equation, zero, you shouldn't play hero
If you can't stand Strong like the Island I'm from
Chorus:
Now I'm the P-L-U, the-G-to-the-One
Walk around the planet earth making money having fun
Yeah, and I'm the-C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win
And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E
And can't another brother cook these delicacies
See can't another brother cook these delicacies
See can't another brother cook these delicacies
Outro: Common
Ahh that's how, that's how I'm supposed to do my thing huh
Like triple it, alright
That's how we do it, all the way from Strong Island to Chicago
The type of freestyler flow
Yeah, it's fluent, and we don't need to flow no more
Hah
Intro: *this comes before "Wonce Again Long Island" on the LP*
To my man Mos Def yo he nonstop
To my man Enola, yo he's nonstop
And to my kin de Calhoun, yo he's nonstop
Yo that girl MP, yo she's nonstop
And to that crew Camp Lo, yo they nonstop
And to that nigga Pop Life, yo he's nonstop
And to my cousin Fudd Love, you know he nonstop
My brother Lucky and Pert, yo they nonstop
And to my man Joe Buck, you know he nonstop
And my man Extra P, yo he's nonstop
And my man Mike Divine, you know he nonstop
That kid called Baby Paul, yo he's nonstop
And to the Jazzyfatnastees, yo you're nonstop
And my peoples Beatminerz, man they nonstop
And to my man Mr. Bug, you know you're nonstop
And yo, Litro, yo, he's nonstop
And to, my dean The Green, yo you're nonstop
And to my man Prince Paul yo he's nonstop
And to that man Kid Capri yo you nonstop
And A Tribe Called Quest, man they nonstop
And don't forget the Jungle Beez yo they nonstop
Extra Verse: *sampled from "Down Syndrome"*
Let me tell you a little something about Soul (tell em son)
I be a piece of the East coast, so give a toast to
Plug Wonder why back in the day who soaked his words in jigga
So when I ran a phrase in June you didn't catch it til December
I'm a member of them kids from the inner city
Giving you kitties audible treats, you be aching for making
more money than a pagan holiday
Not from the PJ's, yet I still got something to say
(Ah one two ah one two)
(Ah one two ah one two)
(Ah one two ah one two)
(Ah one two ah one two)
(Breakadawn breakadawn)
(Breakadawn breakadawn)
(Breakadawn breakadawn)
(Breakadawn breakadawn)
[Intro: sampled vocals]
We are singing, you this message
Through our music, reaching for a, brave and brighter
new tomorrow, is the future
We must make it, safe and happy, for the children
Or... or... they will be lost
Or... or... they will be lost

[Pos]
Aiyyo I jump back, put the aim on my shot
It's mandatory, handle glory over with the rock
I'm not a rough guy but a tough guy to beat over drums
No son to this, I'm a rhyme bastard
Some mastered the art of cash, but not the part that lasts
and disappear after doin two albums
We're not your normal team and we still do ours to fit
hope inside this, don't define it's
quits for those who oppose the new
Playin they've outgrown rap like a size 5 shoe
Oh they all {?} now, alternative touch
were surprised, no demise for us
We on the rise to bust big, how you fig' we couldn't
Never run out of verbs for you to sip, I told you we wouldn't
I never popped Crist' or popped fists, girl named Chrissie
was the first, which made it even worse not to miss me

[sampled vocals]
Or... or... they will be lost (the future)
Or... or... they will be lost (the future)

[Dave]
So do you understand it now? Well try standin over
seven box sets, reppin sixteen years
This rap career ain't work, it's the life in-between
bedtime 'til the next said time and date
Know the name and salute them dudes
Put the nutrient in rap when they cook them foods
Gotta be like eighteen million heads served
Shit, imagine if there wasn't no us huh?
So I'd like to take the time to shout out the JB's
Next on my list is A Tribe Called Quest
Latifah my Queen, Monie Love, Dres and Mr. Lawnge
Chi-Ali, on your head God bless
Never ring chasin, the permanent tat
in this rap shit, y'all are just temporary lick-ons
Fadin in the days to come
While the name De La and the legacy built lives on

[sampled vocals]
We are singing (sing it out now)
you this message (sendin you a message y'all)
Through our music (through the music)
reaching for a, brave and brighter new tomorrow
(another day y'all) is the future (it's the future)
(it's the future) We must make it (we gotta make it)
safe and happy, for the children (for the children)

You little brats
if the meek shall inherit the earth
and not the weak
let me inherit the street, fuck it
you know what I mean?
I mean I love life man, you know what I mean
life is beautiful, it's just the shit in it that's fucked up
it's rough but it's fair
people gotta go out there and bust they, bust they ass for a job
I mean, my dad's got five kids, man and I mean yo
he hates drivin' a bus but he loves five kids
you feel me?

I'm a rhyme artist
out here tryin' to grind my hardest
up early so to milk the cow
keep my john deere out here plowin' the fields
to keep my john hancock's worth up in the now
went from hangin' on blocks to hangin' on charts
positions is parta my mission to hangin' on top
gotta get your polly cracker or with them crackers
and them scheisty ass niggaz if you like it or not
I've been rewired to work more efficiently in the dirt
I'm hands on with it all up in my cuticles
some try to get off the farm but fell into harm
of gettin in the game of those street pharmaceuticals
but, I was raised in those blue collar themes
havin' white collar dreams cause I see what it means
and though the meek shall inherit the earth but don't forget
the poor are the ones who inherit the debt
you can bet I got better things to do than that
I was a dick who got jerked by Tom and his boys
came on my land, seized my cattle, and catalog
as if it wouldn't leave me less than coy
but I'm far from bitter even farther from quittin'
got a grind date to make, no time for sittin'
and playin' xbox, stand up and exercise my rights
as of by seen of through masta's eye
it's the grind date
know what I'm sayin? I'm sick of askin' that
I mean, the street philosophy is that
I'm gonna milk the cow and cook the meat

at least I'm gonna have some kind of food and drink
because sometimes you can't come back
like momma said that if you need 5 cents don't ask for 3
ask for 10, that's for sure
Yo fuck a rhyme artist, I ain't here for that
I was born with the boom bap, respect the name
my hands on experience was hands on my first contract
taught me quick how to respect the game
introduced to the block, got used to the block
but your neighbors be the ones who throw shit on your lawn
it's like every single time we pop, they got annoyed
but we got ahead, and we got along
and puttin' work on the calendars, worse on them calendars
worth of hump days that broke the camel's back
the grind'll make today look gray
and paint a tainted picture of tomorrows in enamel black
meet the rhyme, street grind, son whatever the beast
I'm a take it at the horns till the pinky toe torn
and show you why we here this long
cause when it comes to puttin' in work
once again it's on
I'm just like everybody else man
an average nigga with above average potential
you know what I mean? I'm not sayin' that I'm a gentleman
I'm sayin that I know how to act like a gentleman
in order to get the things that I need
and if I gotta pull out my nickle bag, I'm gonna do that
This ain't no accident, we stayin' here
You damn right I am proud of myself man
and I'm proud of my team man
I don't want you to get the wrong, yo baby on the real?
I don't have sex with people I do business with neither
and that's the real
but I do do business with people that I have sex with
so if there ain't no conflict, let's get this grind on
cause I'm gonna fuck the shit outta you, that's word
Play it for me
Kick it!
The mic men are back, okay

Girls, girls, girls, girls
These girls I do adore
Walking down the street watching ladies
Aaow, watching...

[Mase]
Hold up, hold up, let's give it to the Mack Daddy
Over to the left...

[Jeff]
Pity pity pity pity wack wack wack
A moo moo moo, a jumping jack
Rock this is brain now I'm one step over
Respect your parents, they're pushovers
Chasing my fun like the IRS
My girl's too young to have big breasts
For a good time we chill by the mall
I tell her tales, some small some tall
Why, how you got peanuts, pecans
I wipe her cheek, she grabs my hand
I have a curfew, she says to me
I'll take you home, look hon, you'll see
The deed was done and I thought to myself
Jeff, you're the mack and no-one else

Jeff, I told you, my name is Jeff

The astronomical wiz, dazzler of the showbiz
Kids of the new biz for you
Don't try to solve it, just involve yourself
In this deadly De La dialogue
Yo, I smell black fog

[Pos]
That's right, me and Mase blew it to clear your ass straight out of this
Sector. This is De La Soul
Wax!

[Mase]
So wait until your own piece of wax come out!

[Lucky]
Yo, is this true? Is Jeff really coming out with his own song? And if he
Do, will he have the
Decency to
Change his name to a suitable public speaker? Yo, I don't know, but
Bring in that funky
Astronomical piano
For this is the take-off man Luck signing off
POS:
3
That's the Magic Number
Yes it is
It's the magic number
Somewhere in this hip hop soul community
Was born 3 Mase Dove and me
And that's the magic number
(What does it all mean?)
Difficult preaching is Posdnuos' pleasure
Pleasure and preaching starts in the heart
Something that stimulates the music in my measure
Measure in my music raised in three parts
Casually see but don't do like the Soul
'Cause seein' and doin' are actions for monkeys
Doin' hip hop hustle, no rock and roll
Unless your name's Brewster, 'cause Brewsters are funky
Parents let go 'cause there's magic in the air
Criticising rap shows you're out of order
Stop look and listen to the phrase Fred Astaires
And don't get offended while Mase do-se-do's your daughter
A tri-camera rolls since our music's now set
Fly rhymes are stored on a D.A.I.S.Y. production
It stands for "Da Inner Sound Y'all" and y'all can bet
That the action's not a trick, but showing the function
Everybody wants to be a deejay
Everybody wants to be an emcee
But being speakers are the best
and you don't have to guess
De La Soul posse consists of three
And that's the magic number
DOVE:
This here piece of the pie
Is not desser but the course that we dine
And three out of every darn time
The effect is "Mmmm" when a daisy grows in your mind
Showing true position, this here piece is
Kissin' the part of the pie that's missin'
When that negative number fills up the cavity
Maybe you can subtract it
You can call it your lucky partner
Maybe you can call it your adjective
But odd as it may be
Without my 1 and 2 where would there be
My 3
Mase Pos and Me
And that's the Magic Number
Focus is formed by flaunts to the soul
Souls who flaunt styles gain praises by pounds
Common are speakers who are never scrolls
Scrolls written daily creates a new sound
Listeners listen 'cause this here is wisdom
Wisdom of a Speaker, a Dove and a Plug
Set aside a legal substance to feed 'em
For now get 'em high off this dialect drug
Time is a factor so it's time that counts
Count not the negative actions of one
Speakers of soul say it's time to shout
Three forms the soul to a positive sum
Dance to this fix and flex every muscle
Space can be filled if you rise like my lumber
Advance to the tune but don't do the hustle
Shake, rattle, roll to my Magic Number
Now you may try to subtract it
But it just won't go away
Three times one?
(What is it?)
(One, two, three!)
And that's a Magic Number
(Yo, what's up?)
(1, 2, 3)
(I say, children, what does it all mean?)
(Woah-woah-wo, 1, 2, 3)
(I wouldn't lie to you)
(No more no less, that's a magic number)
(No more no less)
(What it is?)
(No more no less)
(Do the shang-a-lang)
(No more no less)
(Anybody in the audience ever get hit by a car?)
(No more no less)
(How high's the water, mama?)
(No more no less)
(How high's the water, mama?)
(No more no less)
(Three feet high and rising)
(No more no less)
(Three)
(That's a magic number)
(This is a recording) (Life)
POS: Living in everyday is something
Something everyday like this is our livin'
DOVE: Giving something sheer for the crowd is our major
Major to the crowd is to hear what we're givin'
POS: No time to rest we got work in the studio
Studio suppliers rest at no time
DOVE: Showtime is enough when the Soul is performing
Performing is the Soul y'all, and it's showtime
POS: Coping with dates in clubs, can't even lounge,
Lounge with the homeboys how we are copin'
DOVE: Scoping new material for Paul to plug high-pitched,
High-pitched what Paul plugs in and still scopin'
POS: Bearer of peaceful views to express peace,
Peaceful expressions why we are bearers
DOVE: What the Soul tries to project is when existing in rap,
You're living in a fulltime era
(This is a recording!)
(This is a recording) (Life)
POS:
Puttin' in spin the rhyme, rappers fear so
Fear so much of what Pos is puttin'
Couldn't do better, the punks they don't try hard
Try hard enough, they don't, so they couldn't
No joke to what I do inside this field,
This field to me is filed, there's no joke
So soak up the fact there's no part-time,
Part-time rappers at, so soak
Taking in new ideals leads to new groups,
New groups to better the Soul, I'm takin'
Wakin' from days and nights to do my best
DOVE: Your best gets us paid
POS: So I'll keep on wakin'
Wearer of a Plug logo to the dying,
Dying are rappers who think I'm no wearer
What I'm trying to say is when dealing in rap,
You're living in a fulltime era
(This is a recording!)
(This is a recording) (Life)
DOVE:
Love is to all, to all goes my love
Dove comes to peace like stand comes to sit
Stand for the court, 'cause standing is healthy
Healthy in sense is mentally fit
Pause for the poets of a new style of speak
Just here to do the same with no trick
Grab the Plug Two's live wire, my brother
And find that you've grabbed my pet boa constrict
Ring goes the garbage I'm hearing
Seek for the truth, my brother is tearing
No time to back-step, 'cause if you back-step
Look what you stepped in, you stepped in mess
So look what's around you
Don't worry for the Soul will find the truth
About three years from now, you know why?
'Cause we're living in a fulltime era
(This is a recording!)
(This is a recording) (Life)
Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh
Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh, ohh
we talkin bout

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}

[Pos]
I ain't no thug son, my name is Plug Won
I drop a certified gem, for him and her
Knockin on your radio, like the Crash Crew
ask whoever you want - I'm managin the funk on the paper
Outside of that we pull capers for days
Ridin throughout the maze of street, while we blaze the beat
Watchin the sweet things wiggle they butt
to Plug Three, on the cut, movin on ya what-
-ever ya got, we gon' get, bringin our point, to ya position
Rippin stages with my thought coalition
Carryin on, eradicate all your stress mode
Just another episode through these area codes
We bankin on

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}
Hmmm..

[Pos]
It's the hot-ness, talked about but never seen
like the Loch-Ness, til ya cop this; drop it inside your vein,
and like a train, we be runnin throughout your legs and arms
You're high off our talent and charm
Check the caliber - this be a smash
like some food on stage for Gallagher
Wear ya bib, cause it's messy
Niggaz schemin on my +Girl+ as if my name was +Jesse+
Watch your manners! Now let me pass it off to Dave Banner

[Dove]
Yo, I set travels like Karen LaRue
Small talkin in the big city, it's all about gettin the coins
Everywhere I go I touch a tenderloin
They sportin a dot com Viet marker bomb
on your metro - MARTA order iron horse
Yo take the cross and meet a nigga at the butcher
I'm cuttin your girl - we on a world tour
Supplyin your bloodstream with nothin but the pure uncut, in ya

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. mmmm..

Freak freak freak freak the funk the funk the funk the funk
funk freak the freak the freak the freak the freak the freak
Freak freak the funk freak freak the funk

[Dove]
We ain't walkin on a yellow brick road
These streets stay red and bloody kid
Study your code, so you can easily pass
I stash a little love when I'm on the visitation
If you crossin my lane, nigga do the same
I guaranteed to run through and prove the game
ain't bigger than the pieces in it
You see the pieces in it had me stuck travellin one side of map
Clappin hands with rap cats who ain't deserve dap
Long hauls and livin out a suitcase man
Chickenheads and gangs of fruitcakes man
Ain't nuttin better than explorin the outskirts
especially when she ain't got no pantyhose on, and it's on

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}
Mmmm..
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}
Mmhmmhmhmmmhmhmmmmm..

[Pos + Dove going "Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh" every 2 lines]
Yo - it's like, the Mercenary gettin down
And we got, Dave Banner gettin down
And we got, Maseo gettin down
And of course, my nigga Eno gettin down
And we got, Jay Dee gettin down (say word y'all)
And of course, the Slum V gettin down
And we got my man Khrist gettin down
And we got, Com Sense gettin down
And we got, N.D. gettin down
You know Troy Hightower gettin down
And we got, C. Smith gettin down
And my nigga, Dave West gettin down..
[Intro]
Don't walk out there with your hand open
Good things come to those who wait
She don't even care about who she is
She don't care about nothing and nobody
Because no class, no representation
Might take on the days woman
You've got so many different flavors
You've got so many different types
We the package deal
Can't go wrong with that
Knowing how to cook a good twenty-two pound ham
Whooty-who
Nothing like a tall six-foot-five woman
For a short man like me
To fill up a good waterbed
I'm only sixty-seven
I still got lot more time to find the right one
And you do need to find the right one

[Verse 1]
She move forward like proceed
Keep heads up like nosebleed
A piece from the East, from the norm
But she off of the chain
So she cover all globally
Never be touched, so I'm holding
Bullets found a target
The gun know me
The past life bags from my memory
A fan of a large and i'm a member see
I give it to her like that fool
Sucker for love
Yeah I'm that dude
When she's on the wood
She give good oral
When I'm not with her
I get withdrawal
Lord
I'm half a man without a one to call
She claimed a mathin' man
She's a wonder-doll
She keep me floored
Pack an iron-snake on thirt(y) rims
She like the snake in her bird-tim
I'm addicted by design, a fiend
If she ever try to cut me from her team

[Hook]
Don't turn your back
When she's on that track
Watch out for that train-wreck
Cause when she come
You better watch your back
Watch out she's a train-wreck

[James Brown Sample]

[Verse 2]
She had me at Star-bucks
Sippin' frappuccino
I wanna grind on that coffee-bean
A couple cups of that joe is a pep-back
She'll be swinging on chandeliers
Baby got that skin
I can handle years
And I won't mind if she fucks asleep
Her mouth game is like Rap-A-Lot
Her Facebook say that she aim at this rap a lot
Online surfing for them beach boys
To bring the sand under her feet boys
She my rock bottom like last offers
Wouldn't write me off like the last offer
Even though she a bomb scare
I'm standing right here
I'm right here

[Hook]
(Ecoutez. A midi.)
(Quel heure est il? Il est midi.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner. Qu'est ce qu'il y a a manger?)
(Il y a saucisse sans doute.)
(Ecoutez et repetez. A midi.)
(Quel heure est il?)
(Quel heure)
(Quel heure est il?)
(Est il?)
(Il est midi. Midi. Midi. Il est midi. Il est midi.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner. C'est l'heure de dejeuner. De dejeuner.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner.)
(Qu'est-ce qu'il y a a manger?)
(Qu'est-ce qu'il y a?)
[Dove]
I was walking on the water when I saw a crocodile
He had daisies in his hat, so I stopped him for a while
He delivered me a message, a massage to soothe my stage
What it was was more then plug-up dosage
More than D.A.I.S.Y age
Conversation drew a rule
Which the crowd will roar by millions
Mr. Crocodile said, 'Dove, you must look
For now the villains try to hold you underwater
But one thing we all must heed
Sony Walkmans keep us walking
De La Soul can help you breathe when you tread water'
As I walked along my journey
I thought 'What have I just learned?'
In a flash I saw commotion
There was movement in these ferns
Silently the silence came, was it the end of my world?
I shouted out in fear, 'Who's there?'
'It's me,' said Mr. Squirrel
'I've searched for you all over, now you're found
No time to waste. We must find the Preacher Man
We must find the P.A. Mase. All my population's dying
And we're all in tune to doom
Like the Daisy, I need water
I need chesnuts to consume.'
'Mr. Squirrel,' I said, 'I'm sorry
But the problem can't be solved
If there's no one here to help, and no one to get involved
Always look to the positive and never drop your head
For the water will engulf us if we do not dare to tread
So let's tread water'

[Pos]
Now one weary day I woke, my alarm said 'Plug time's up'
Filled my bath up with the water, gargled with my gargle cup
As I bathed I felt a presence, and I'm sort of ticklish
I looked down and then around and I heard
'Hi! I'm Mr Fish. How do you do? As for me
I'm in tip-top shape today, cause my water's clean
And no-one's menu says Fresh Fish Filet
See I look past all my worries, which is something you must do
Though you're fed up, throw your head up
With this advice from me to you
And that's to tread water'

As my day went unexplained, time was finding nothing fun
As I walked along the sidewalk, I heard
'Psst, excuse me, Plug One.'
From my Soul, De La that is, I hollered
'Yes, are you talking to me?'
'No alarm meant,' he said, 'Let me introduce myself
I'm Mr Monkey.'
'Mr Monkey, I pledge you slap of five
Now how does your problem meet?'
He said, 'My bananas are at their ripest, but they all
Stand at three feet. My swinging hand is bandaged up
Could you help me with this chore?'
I brought him down to the Native shop
And bought him copies of the De La score
Which assisted well in his elevation
Now all bananas is at his grasp
He decided with this accomplished
He would put me on to the path
He to my to live by the Inner Sound, y'all
Which would bring me health in showbiz
Then to use them, not abuse them
And then in the words that got me to 'em
And that is to tread water
Listen to this

[Pre-hook]
Hey!
We came to it out
Inside out
We'll cut it out

Hey!
We'll make them scream and shout
And we will
We'll cut it out

[Hook]
So where your head bone
Connected to my leg bone
Like your microphone stand
To your microphone
Yeah, bottles on check, all phones connect
We come together just to make you feel funky

[Verse 1]
See, we came here
To build a Pos - D root of respect
We don't check coke
Got the antidote for hip hop is swallowing cold
(And what's that)
Sign a record deal, a record deal loan
A lot a people sayin' that the thrill is gone
Check your postal rap fills bank
Check the hundred CCs of De La to make the heart crank
Keep ingredients nice
Like the P-Funk girls
Screamin' like imma hawk
I'm a scrawny little dude
Got the money that I make
Help to make the fool
Now, ain't that right my man
Yeah, I kick a can about a mile a stick vowels
Dirty and dead vowels
My sister pumps sounds throws and pass
Enters your ear holes
Got a beef for all your "ands"
Say ahead while who drives slaves
They trippin' off the road
I'm in their rear view
Flash my lights like
[Pre-hook]
Hey!
We came to it out
Inside out
We'll cut it out

Hey!
We'll make them scream and shout
And we will
We'll cut it out

[Hook]
So where your head bone
Connected to my leg bone
Like your microphone stand
To your microphone
Yeah, bottles on check, all phones connect
We come together just to make you feel funky

[Verse 2]
We got the Jones and the phones
To make you right
She got the Jones in her head to
To shake it right
We got the Jones jumpin' off
In here tonight
(Right, absolutely right)
He got the Jones in his bones
To make it vibe
She got the Jones in her hips
To shake it right
We got the Jones jumpin' off
In here tonight
(Right, absolutely right)

Ay yo, bring me to the place where they extract the fat
Surplus C cell, the battery pack
Stayin' fresher than romaine, Rogaine the spot
Where the track fallen out
We in and all out
Takin' me apart while I'll bring the ball out
You haul your city and truck it all out
All being exhausted and enduring swallown' pills
Drop the last load and we rip the small out
Call out, if you need a sixteen the green
And having [?] attack [?] entire wall out
Born in the heart of hip-hop, move to the belly
Knew the B-boy pose before exposed to the telly
Make bread to break bread
Not here for the playin'
Make sure we keep it pure
While everyone's sayin' that

[Pre-hook]
Hey!
We came to it out
Inside out
We'll cut it out

Hey!
We'll make them scream and shout
And we will
We'll cut it out

[Hook]
So where your head bone
Connected to my leg bone
Like your microphone stand
To your microphone
Yeah, bottles on check, all phones connect
We come together just to make you feel funky

[Pre-hook]
Hey!
We came to it out
Inside out
We'll cut it out

Hey!
We'll make them scream and shout
And we will
We'll cut it out

Hey!
We came to it out
Inside out
We'll cut it out

Hey!
We'll make them scream and shout
We come together just to make you feel funky
[whispered]
(ahhhh, ahhhh)
c'mon, c'mon, bounce - bounce
c'mon.. bounce, rock, roll
(ahhhh, ahhhh)

Chorus: {sung}

You can do, whatever you want
Whatever you like
It's your own life
So let me be, to do what I want
To do what I like
Cause this is my life

[Dove]
It's been about ten long years, my skin wreaks
flavors that your incense couldn't match
We burn slow like syphillis in your piss, accomodated
with the penicill-in, you're listenin, to
This "Art Official" will keep your shoes moonwalkin
Soon to talk about, "Pop Music"
You'll buy it cause you choose it
A lot of MC's is really S&M'n
Whips and chains, I maintain like a old jazz singer
Elephants in any location
Held back in rotation, an apple a day
only makes a nigga fruity
I eat responsibilities to carry out my duty
?? in the MD's, I pull it out just to polish it
Make notes if you earnin or wait your turnbuckle
I stick to gettin mines like stucco (ahhhh, ahhhh)

Chorus

[Pos]
I'm that full-time rapper, the nickname's Llama
Part-time father if you ask my daughter's mommas
Missin in action cause the action got a fraction
of the world listenin to me
Got em travellin overseas in lands constantly
Got a sea of hands wavin, ain't misbehavin
but a lot of kids cravin for somethin they ain't got
Like the keys to the ride and a pocket with a knot and it's
holdin they ground til they rot in it
Plottin it, lockin it down strong
cause it's nuttin wrong gettin your bubblin on sticker
But too much bubblin can make you fizz quicker
So watch your stack, keep your fam intact
and pay attention to the now, I'm clearin the mess
While they stressin back in the day, I'm at the front of the night
with my crew shinin light on the (ahhhh, ahhhh)

Chorus 2X

[Pos]
Now we on top of this like a typical bed position
Peepin your view, got your whole crew wishin and waitin
Makin dollars out of ten dime pieces
who be sippin out the glass suckin on the lime pieces included
In my pieces I pen the good livin
And even when we're stressin from in the hood livin
at least we're livin and there ain't no hell in that
Give me a yell in that, and go (ahhhh, ahhhh)

[Dove]
I wanna see the world ten times over
Dive off cliffs and land on oppotunities unthinkable
You sinkin straight to the bottom; while I float in parades
that St. Patty couldn't put up
All my niggaz tryin to build, then throw your wood up
Design life like PNB gears so stand clear for the blast off
Last off my chest, peace to Dav West
Live your life to the fullest (ahhhh, ahhhh)

Chorus

[whispered]
You can do.. what you want.. what you like
Let me be.. what I want.. what I like
Hahahahahahahahaha!

[Freddie Foxxx]
HA! Check it out!
It's Bumpy Knuckles baby, also known as Freddie Foxxx
That's right, and I came to check my niggaz De La Soul
See y'all niggaz don't really wanna bust dat shit huh
Yaknahmsayin? So I'ma show you niggaz
the super-laser-gamma-ultra-killa-nigga special
You niggaz ain't no killers
You motherfuckers ain't gonna hurt nobody nigga
You better keep rhymin nigga
'fore I smack the shit outta you you little fuckin sissy
You niggaz ain't real; that's right
It's De La Soul baby, and Bumpy motherfuckin Knuckles baby
Alright, c'mon on!

[Maseo (?)]
Check my stats, entire - apparat'
Even from the days when I had to roll strapped
Wonderin if I gotta go back to that
Zest to rub records from rap and kick facts
to tracks and stack, one (?) got kayed
Yeah some got paid, some waved in the fades
Fact of the matter my style will never fade
Managin to keep it all A-grade
So you can stay nourish and flourish with the truth
(??) (??) some niggaz I know
If I need a mayday
Bust some fuckin niggaz tryin to play me cra-zay
Causin interruptions to my big pay-day
Playin with them guns make them fuckin lea-ry
but if it's clear-ly
Merely and surely and, how it's gotta be
I got some thorough niggaz that's ridin me
So witcha bullshit I'm not buyin it B
Don't come around thinkin you can try it with me
Cause uhh..

Chorus: repeat 2X

You don't wanna bust dat shit (uh-uhh)
You don't wanna bust dat shit (no no)
You don't wanna bust dat shit (uh-uhh)
You don't wanna bust dat shit (no no!)
You don't wanna bust dat shit (uh-uhh!)
You don't wanna bust dat shit (NO NO!)
You don't wanna bust dat shit (UH-UHH!)
You don't wanna bust dat shit!!

[Maseo (?)]
Shick shick, CLIK-A-CLIK
This is where my people headin at
Innocent people are carryin gats
Now what the fuck is all that?
Is it cause times is live like a wire
gettin shock treated by the crossfire
Ha-siyahh, burn bare well prepared
to make my decision for my livin
I ain't the one +Robin+ I'm the one +Given+
Hip-Hop driven, and willin to die for it
When Scott LaRock died man I cried and shit
Then some cats got rich callin a woman a bitch
but ain't no woman like the one I got
and if you call her a bitch well you might get (*BLAM*)
And I know the feelings is mutual
It's uncivilized and unsuitable
Crips and bloods are recruitable

Chorus

[Freddie Foxxx]
Ha ha, yeah you get the motherfuckin point, HUH?
You niggaz get the motherfuckin point, HUH?
That's right so while you niggaz is sittin up in central booking
Crying like bitches, HUH?
I'm in the motherfuckin holdin block
waitin for your sweet pussy punk ass
And I'ma whoop the shit out of you
for gettin on a fuckin record, actin like you a fuckin killer
I'ma show you niggaz what a motherfuckin killer's all about, HUH?
You niggaz ain't no motherfucking gangsters
You don't wanna bust that motherfuckin shit punk
I'll punch your whole chest cavity out faggot
You ain't no real nigga, nigga
I'll smack the shit out of you
cause you ain't a fuckin live nigga
You sittin in central booking, cryin like a bitch
Waitin for your father, to come bail you out
and Freddie Foxxx don't play that shit nigga
That's right, Bumpy Knuckles motherfucker
And if you don't know, now you motherfuckin know
And yo De La, check it out - it's your motherfuckin man
And if any one of them niggaz get sidewindin with you nigga
let me know, and I will send them niggaz hot ones
like I'm a motherfuckin Mexican - feel me on that one HUH?
Cause them niggaz know me nigga
Believe me nigga they know me
The motherfuckin troublemaker, that's right
And De La Soul, is rollin with Bump' Knux' nigga
So WHAT?!?!! Tell me, WHAT?!?!?!
[Pos]
Yo.. we bout to get it (get it) get it (get it)
get it (get it) get on down (down) down (down)
Yo! We bout to get it (get it) get it (get it)
get it (get it) get on down (down) down (down)
Yo!

Chorus: Pos

We run it, HOT! When we over the drums
To the, TOP! Cause the bottom we're from
We got the, DROP! On your weekend crew
cause you're full-time talkin while we peepin your view

[Pos]
Rahubat(?), you know my name
I run my humbleness with fame
God-body, nuttin plain
while you claimin shepherd that you heard this
you, heard this on day first
Watch my man, he'll make it worse
Ain't no new click, we still Native

[Dove]
Clothes knit, stitched tight, related
that's the way we handle it
Pin us up or mantle it
We on fire you candle lit
Daydreamin, on a rack
Get bought worn and brought back
We sport rhyme thought real tight

[Pos]
to gain sizes much bigger
Life life well, get mail filled with
checks from sales we deliver

[Dove]
Spend a little, make a little
I want it big like white boy wallets
Credit delievered, Fed-Excellent
To my dot com, we on the web like Charlotte's
Hornet, back her up, she too much on it
Your plastic ass'll get swiped
past the limit see you the type
to get yo' cosmetics smeared on pillows all night

Chorus

[Pos]
while we peepin your view
while we, peepin your view
We got they eyes on lock
Let them flock to your wit while I spit after you

[Dove]
Look ma, I'm still rhymin
Baby boy still providin
Breakin bread in four states
Makin these struggles get gone
Private eyes, I see y'all spyin
You watch while I clock
Fertilize my brain data
Makin accounts grow green like the front lawns

[Pos]
Yo I may be old school
but I'm not no old fool
Heard out your mouth words flee
bout "These niggaz ain't nice"
You just barbershop talkin
while we round the world walkin
B, you ain't D.M.C.
You slip and fall on my ice
No lyin, straight shinin
I give you supper from my upper diamond
You got limbs so climb in

[Dove]
Yo, soak up what you find-in
We too pure for you to try
You sniffin maybe's and if's

[Pos]
And if "if" was a spliff
Man we'd all be hiiiiiiiiigh-iiiiiigh.. iiiggghhhhh..

[Dove]
.. but it's not, so sober up
You flashin out like you paparaz'
You'll need to take a liver shot
to feel the heat on how we runnin it, YO

Chorus 1.75X (minus last line, 2nd time)

[Pos]
cause you're full time talkin while we, while we
while we lettin you know I'm in a
certified rhyme meadow for days
If you ask Mercenary bout this shit, it pays
Hitting Willie Mays style out the park
Mastering in this +Art+ that's +Official+
Your ears absorb this like tears, on a tissue
cause my thoughts are dollar bill crisp
Distinct like E-Double's lisp
L.I. alumni, wonder why I got it
Got it? Get a piece
Got product that you all should own and not lease
Some say drummers play synonymous with ill
with wordplay, that keep us all paid like a bill
We're the parent company
You the sub in my D-I-vision
You don't know how.. {*words fade out*}
[1]
[Speaking Spanish]
WATCH OUT!
[Speaking Spanish]
WATCH OUT!
[Speaking Spanish]
WATCH OUT!
[Speaking Spanish]

[Verse 1]
Get up and do the biz, our style is the wild
Hit you with a spell whether Jew or gen-tile
When you enterin' the realm
You find me at the helm
Still standin' like abandoned buildings
In the southern part of BX, can old school it like a T-Rex
Ya well advanced connect dance with thoughts
Deep like Barry White's throat box
I bet you those cops mix
Double high tower my power grants me the chicks
The blows the cars and enemies that wanna spar
You wanna see it no matter who you are
Yeah I'm bound to ground you like that
Put they ass on a mound and introduce em' to a baseball
Face tall, brag about it like teenage sex
Text book characters gettin' etched out to rough draft
Rush Limbaugh autograph her left titty
New Yor, New York yeah we bigger than the buildings
Do it for the love of the art and the childrens
And throw paper machet inside of ya models
See we all throttles, we zip by in this drive
Allergic to ya sperm broke hives
Concerned about ya life when ya down eight lives
Top of the night I'm up in queens like ah yeah

[Repeat 1]

[Verse 2]
Introducin' introducin' to you Dave
Batter on deck, carded every time I set foot in the joint
Cabaret artist I'll two piece ya tray
If she wanna get vamped, bring her to the tent
Touch her till her back indents
Wrap it extra strength
Run a lap on her calculatin' the length
Holdin' mics tighter than hymens
Old school it like Holly-Hobby, Head-to-Head, Easy Bake Oven
Strong Jerome lovin' man I hit the pack
Panther power keep it all relative to the sixties
Bill Bixby green, ATM money
Got my pockets lookin' like I'm rockin' Popeye jeans
Classic like Reuben and Rah
One nigga under the groove we shootin' for that Parliament high
Plus bigger than the fourth of July
Take the back seat drive out
Hey yo, hey yo ain't nothin' street about me more like a light post
Sinin' above all who are y'all to boast
Stayed calm and all came to me to host
My vocab grabs many, long to cultivate raps
It's gettin' filled moms jack penny
It used to be unknown around the way
Now my bix became a bouqet
Every nose in it, fillin' up seats like a session in a Senate
Been a minute since ya heard the souls
So the soul gon' cost ya three
All ya people wanna front like the soul don't hold control
But it don't mean shit to me
Plain to see that a song like this been what ya all missed
Come on, genuine adrenaline from off the wrists
We run the interference throughout the game clout
Can't be denied the bout for the title
Throw up ya guns and hold the pose like an idol
Bring it back to the draw
Ghosts of grand wiz Theodore
Played dirty with ever since played on the floor
Stop verbal assaults just in case a war break out
Steal vaults bigger than giraffes
But they still got a lot for me
Heard em' say alot of nigga with the underground
They'd die for the underground but ain't makin' no money
Stupid
Mercer...
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One

[Posdnuos]
Tell me what's more essential
Rap lines, party past nine
Or reading which is fundamental
Tell me what's more pollution
Black fog, burning log
Or infested prostitution
Tell me what's more appealing
Fast food job, corn on the cob
Or interstate drug dealing
Tell me what's more tantalising
Flip flop, skeezer lies and props
Or Three Feet High And Rising
Tell me, what's more?

[Trugoy The Dove]
Tell me what's more demanding
A dominant race, a fad called base
Or peace and understanding
Tell me what's more neglected
Teaching our seeds the fact there's greed
Or words being said in a record
Tell me what's more pathetic
A lallygag lush, a habit to cuss
Or a lawsuit filed on a medic
Tell me what's more amusing
Comic strip, or break that hip
Or what Prince Paul's producing
Tell me, what's more?

[Posdnuos]
Tell me what's more old-fashioned
Lemonade, a black man's fade
Or a kiss that's soaked in passion

[Trugoy The Dove]
Tell me what's more secretive
Love looks, a diary book
Or the De La style us speakers give

[Posdnuos]
Tell me what's more off-tempo
Wearing pink, a fizzy Lipton drink
Or a brother with acne and dimples

[Trugoy The Dove]
Tell me what's more confusing
A Rubik's cube, a dusted dude
Or a figure in which one is choosing
Tell me, what's more?

[Mase]
Yo Pos and Dove, stand clear to be plugged up...
Ah the hell with that, I don't have time for playin'
With this, just tell me what's going on, I wanna know
What's going on, go ahead, Pos and Dove, tell me what's
Going on, I just wanna know what's happening man, tell me
What's going on, I'd just like to say what's up to the
Jungle Brothers, I'd like to say what's up to the Quest
I'd like to say what's up to Monie, I'd like to say what's
Up to Latifah, Mike G in the house, Prince Paul, what's up
Man, this is P.A. Mase and I'd like to say, cool DJ Red Alert!
What's up, man? All right okay, we outta here, peace y'all!
RONALD CHEVALIER: Aha! What a beautiful day in the concrete jungle.
I think I'll go down to Goliath and just be a fuckin' dickhead!
Damn I feel good today. I'm looking forward to going and just beating
the
shit out of someone and taking their money. What a fucking great job I
have!
I wonder why I feel so good. Could it be the music?
Could it be my breakfast? Or could it just be the fact that
I just hate everybody, dammit!
Life is grand, life is great, I'll get myself a real cheap date.
Some woman I can take to McDonalds, spend a dollar twenty-five on,
and have like, the best time of your life with afterwards.
Life is too good to believe sometimes.
But we all can't have it the way I do, so to all you suckers out
there,
kiss off. All right? Bye bye!
Intro/Chorus: {sung}

Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby
Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby
Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby
Dance with me, come on dance - with me baby

(repeat 2X)

[Dove]
How you gon' tell me to mind my own biz
when you lookin like somethin I need to know about?
I used to go about it the wrong way, tuggin your arm when you'd pass
But I see you got class besides all that
Yeah I'm picky in my own way too
While the rest of these fools is lookin to screw your brains out
I bling'd(?) out don't(?) wanna stand froze
Practicin my hello's, hey lady, how you doin
Renewin these vows is like fifty steps beyond from here
Shit I don't even know your name yet (word)
Ain't sure what your character contains yet
But damn lady, you could be my Valentine
Cupid got his infrared on my chest clocked
Let the rest flock, they just birds anyway
I grow my confidence in words the Henny way - yeah, buy me a drink
so we can sink into that thought path..

Chorus

[Pos]
Now you know you ain't right, eyein me up all night
despite the fact some kid is runnin chitta-chat in your ear
How the hell we get here, with me over here, and you over there
when we can make, such an obvious pair?
Why miss? Have you misread my shyness for conceit?
I'm peepin how you move it to the pace of the beat
Got my eyes on wide as they constantly collide with yours
Your heavenly body rushin the tide to shore
Your heavenly body rushin these guys to the floor
to find pleasure in your double digit design,
but these clowns look hurt
And as a woman's ex-nigga I'm a woman ex-pert
Understandin how the ovaries and all that shit work
Extremely dreamy, my eyes you look surprised
that I'm movin closer - don't be, I'm supposed to D.C.
Are you for real or a tease?

[Dove]
Now let that drink set in sweet, we up close and personal
Ain't nuttin dull about this, sharp like Swiss precision
(Caught you watch-in) my every move from the door
Teran escortin us to V.I.P., we live in D.C.
Shoestring dress I wanna fuck and make your hair look a mess
Suckin the straw huh? You know the head game
First place chick girl I'm all about winnin too
I want my trophy life-sized in a see through

[Pos]
This ain't your average, whippin your batterage
drivin song that probably isn't your type
So I type it long with that ink that won't budge
or smudge off your memory; courtesy of SkyTel
My mail, pop up like some bubbles found on VH-1
Also need the math to your color pH-1
Not the old man in the club who needs his dub to get rubbed
but sound the buzzer, I'm comin to sub

Chorus 1.25X
[Pos Plug Wonder Why]
(What the hell do you wanna be when you grow up?)
I wanna be a supa emcee
(Well you're already that) so let me step up to bat
Attack a hit to go beyond this age of rap counterfeits
Out of the heavens August one seven sixty nine
Born I wonder why with the thoughts to rhyme
Til there was no longer thoughts to dream
When an unpolished demo led to limos at the age of eighteen
Accompanied by the screams, Plug One
Shot up with fame like novacaine it made me numb
So numb I wouldn't been able to feel
Niggaz diggin in my pockets for my currency reels
But still, I make girls brown eyes blue at will (until)
my ass was no longer mass appeal
Oh shit, I guess that was all the fame I was alloted
Wait a minite, new video, like a leopard I'm spotted
in a night club chillin with Kamaal and Phife
I be that farmer cultivating owning acres of mics
And I likes to make it known Strong Island stylin
for a while, so do that dance
(Are you rockin the spot?) Yes I be
(Showin others they do not?) Yes I be
(Havin then towed from the lot?) Yes I be
That's my job as a supa emcee, I'm from Long Isle
Mobile, make it worth your while
If the jam needs motion I'm the one to dial
(Goin beyond ninety watts) Yes I be
(Well are you rockin it?) Yes, yes I be (rockin it!)
I can stress the makin of loot to feed the fam
While the voices impersonate the true who I am
Buzzin in my ear, oh you one of those wannabees
Always buzzin in my ear you down with supa emcees
Steppin to me with your pleas that you gots, butter rhymes
Man the only thing butter bout you is your spine
mad yellow, you can't rock the Mardi Gras, my mellow
Cause my stealth show more than knowledge of self
I got knowlegde of you, to know you a wack em-crew
(You mean wack emcee) Nah, a wack em-crew, see you a crew of wack
niggaz
You should have never tried to test
These words that I Man, with the eye/I to Fest
While you sayin one thing really meaning the next
You're just a contra-DICK, your mind's been tampered WITH
Like some holy boooks, but looks to the sky
Cause Wonder Why's here to save the day
(Are you rockin the spot?) Yes I be
(showin others they do not?) Yes I be
(Havin then towed from the lot) Yes I be
Cause ultimately, I'm lettin all MC's know that
what's the name of this crew? (De La, De La)
Well alright, and what be the dish we servin?
(We servin pos-da!) Posdanos help the next get loose
Like an alcohol scenario rap be on the rocks
Authenticity that missin fee to pay to join the flock of MC
These niggaz stand lower than knees
Dramatized in they eyes as the ones to please
When rap kids apply violent pressure to father, brother and son
for fun to say they inflict pain
R&B niggaz lie to mother, sister, and daughter
to have sex disguised as lovin in the rain
Their words are more hallow than October 31st
what's worse, hate to see the females
switch to sexual mentality, it doesn't match with they given anatomy
Man they rather be hoes like that male emcee
Who walk around like they got nuts
And use the tits and ass like a crutch
Man the underground's about not bein exposed
So you better take you naked ass and put on some clothes
man this be goin out to the kids from east smash (long island)
amityville (long island)
to all my people out in whinedance, bayshore (long island)
C.I.'s in the place (long island)
brinkwood, hempstead, all my (long island)
brothers out in roosevelt, freeport (long island)
uniondale to long beach (long island)
to them girls out in huntington (long island)
long island for real (long island)
[Busy Bee]
That's right, I'm dancin y'all
I'm gon' keep on dancin into the new millenium
Ya understand what I'm sayin?
Hey De La Soul, Beastie Boys
I love the way y'all doin this baby
Y'all just gotta keep kickin it
because the kids don't know, the other people don't know
but they all gon' know now because me
the Chief Rocker Busy Bee gon' just keep kickin flava babyyy!
Ah like this

Just dance, and don't quit
cause the music is gonna be the shit
I just dance, and don't quit
cause the music is gonna be the shit
And now once upon a time in the place to be
They was standin in line to see the Busy Bee
When I pulled up to the curb in my ninety-eight
I rushed inside so I won't be late
You know the party was packed, where you couldn't even move
And Busy Bee rocked, to the funky funky grooves
To the beat that makes you want to freak
Ah to the beat that gets rump out your seat
Ah to the beat that makes you say
Busy Bee, Busy Bee is in the house, ha HAH!!

I like the way this is goin down man
Ahh this is just too much
We just gotta keep doin this
Because this is how we do it
No static, no automatics
This is just how we just gon' keep kickin this flavor baby..
SQUIRREL: We've just played fifteen minutes of commercial free music.
Of course you're listening to WRMS FM and we
play nothing but De La Slow music. We're coming up on the hour of ten
o'clock. It's a full moon and perfect night
for lovers. We're about to do something we don't usually do and
that's... we'll I'll show you.
BITTY: Hello hello who's this?
SQUIRREL: Squirrel.
BITTY: Hi! Listen, I don't have a lot of time, my name's Mizuna, I'm
on my dinner break from Burger King and I just
called to tell you that I love your new radio station, I love
everything you guys do.
SQUIRREL: Thank you. And with that, the next song is just
for you. And when you go back tell all the Burger King
honeys that if they want to call and talk to me, just call
WRMS. See ya.
[Andre 3000]
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
A bad note ain't no bad note
If it's a good note
I met you in a club in Atlanta, Georgia
Said me and my homeboy were coming out with an album
You looked at me like "yeah, nigga right"
But you gave me you number anyway you were on the talcum
Powder, how's about them oranges
Moved away from home to school with big plans
By day, studied the history of music
By night, just to pay for that shit, you'd dance
To get your pants was a mission impossible
We were both the same age but I
Suppose wasn't on the same page but in
The same book of life so I'd paged you when
I felt you that were getting off of work
Or either when you're on your way to school
We starting hanging like Ernie and Bert
And in my idle head I'm thinking cool
Just when I think I'm going down your shirt
You're hiking up your skirt now
The events that followed had me volley if your hometown would be
Heaven or Hell
The angelic nastiness you possessed made you by far the best
Therefore hard to tell
You'd dropped me off by the dungeon
Never came in, but I knew that you were wondering
Now are these niggaz in this house up to something
Selling crack sack by sacks so they could function?
Well, yes and no
Yes we were selling it
But no it wasn't blow
Cook it in the basement then move it at a show
Then grab the microphone and everybody yelled "ho"
Meanwhile the video starts playing
BET college radio and a van
Packed full of niggaz with a blunt in their hand
And one in their ear
You know what I'm saying
But, I kept your number in my old phone
Got a new chip flip with the roam roam
So it took me a minute to retrieve seven digits
But I promised I would call you when I got home
But, when I got home I never did
By the time I did, heard that you had a kid
By some nigga in Decatur
Who replied see you later when he got the good news, that's life shit
Now, I'm nineteen with a Cadillac
My nigga had a Lex with the gold pack
Got a plaque but I'm living with my pop pop
So I got glock and a low jack
You kinda fast for that fella in class who used to draw
And never said much 'cause half of what he saw
Was so far from that place you wanna be
That words only fucked it up more follow me
Are you starting to gather what I'm getting at?
Now if I'm losing you tell me then I'll double back
But keep in mind, at the time "keep it real" was the phrase
Silly once said now, but those were the days
When spring break
And Daytona
And Freakniks
Made you wanna
Drop out of college and never go back
Move to the south but that ain't a Kodak
Moment, on went myself and big boi
Well, you knew him as Twan
That's right you were around before this shit begun
When Twan had a daughter and
Sort of was made to mature before the first tour
We hit the road like jack
Laughed and cried and drived it back with some Yak
Girls used to say, y'all talk funny, y'all from the islands?
And I'd laugh and they just keep smiling
No, I'm from Atlanta, baby
He from Savannah, maybe
We should hook up and get tore up and then lay down hey we
Got to go because the bus is pulling out in 30 minutes
She's playing tennis disturbing the tenants
15-love
Fit like glove
Description is like
15 doves
In a Jacuzzi catching the Holy Ghost
Making one woozy in the head and comatose, agree?
Enough about me
How's about you?
How's the lil' kid?
She was about 2 the last time we spoke
I hadn't smoked or took a shot of drink
'Cause I'd start the second album off on another note
Now, that note threw some niggaz in the 'hood off
But see I'd balled out, and before I fall out
I'd Slow my Lac down to a nice speed
The brain is that fried egg I might need
New direction was apparent
I was a child looking at the floor staring
So changing my style was like release for the primitive beast
Yes I was on the rise, yeast was the street
To make bread - never primary concern
Just to hop on these beats and wait my turn
I'd meet muslims, gangstas, bitches, rastas, and macaroni niggaz - imposters
So on a trip to New York on some beeswax
I get invited to a club where emcees at
And on stage is a singer with some thing on her head
Similar to the turban that I covered up my dreds with
Which I was rocking at the time
When I was going through them phases trying to find
Anything that seemed real in the world
Still searching, but I started liking this girl
Now you know her
As Erykah on and on Badu
Call Tyrone on the phone why you
Do that girl like that boy you ought to be ashamed
The song wasn't about me and that ain't my name
We're young, in love, in short we had fun
No regrets no abortion, had a son
By the name of Seven
And he's five
By the time I do this mix, he'll probably be six
You do the arithmetic
Me do the language arts
Y'all stand against the wall blindfolded me throw the darts
To poke you in the heart
And take you from the start
To one luxury transportation and a Marta card
Or either when your girlfriend that went to Mays
Momma or her daddy let her borrow the Benz because she's smart
Or maybe if your neighbor does you a huge favor
And he sells you that rabbit that's been sitting in his yard
You fix it up... you trick it out... you give it rims... you give it bump
You give it all your time because that's all you can think about
...And that's as far as I got

(Dialogue)
And that's as far as I got, and where I wanted to go
Knowing the whole time that's all you could think about
Even though if you cut it off and start that bitch up
You need a jump like you'll need in your rump to grow
And you change all the time so that rabbit that you thought about
That whole summer, the next summer you didn't want that rabbit no more
You wanted something bigger and better

So the summer past and the rabbit is old?

Right, right, so now you want a Cadillac...
[Dre]
A nigga ready from the get go (blowe, blowe, blowe)
Y'all hear my shit go, it's Andre. Can yo punk ass come out to play?
Stay in your little hole, then coward duck your head
You don't know who you be fuckin with youse better off...dead
Is what I say, best run the other way
In case of physical breakdown...y'all can break now
My kitchen full of heat, if you can't take the temp
Make yourself exempt
Pussy footin around don't be gettin y'all nowhere but stuck
Nowhere to duck, pull his file, niggaz die
By gettin blasted, how drastic
They got the nerve to ask me why I do the things I do
I got the nerve to serve you up just like a raider do, but naw (naw, naw)
I take that back, that's my problem
Turnin and walkin away, this ain't gon work when they be robbin
As long as Big Boi's still livin, never standin by my lonesome
Step up nigga, if you want some

[Chorus (2X)]
Ain't no thang but a chicken wang
We havin a smoke out in the Dungeon with the Mary Jane
It's just a pimps (players), Mack daddies (East Point)
It's all about that ses in yo chest (It's the joint)

[Big Boi]
Well nigga, you softer than silicone, used to pump up tits
It's that nigga down in the Dungeon with them playeristic hits
I'm quick to stop a sucka flow like menopause, it's the
Original ghetto bastard, so now I makes a switch
I used to sell dope, but in 1994
I'm makin Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik
But see these voices in my skull has got me reminiscin
About the days back when me mammy had to work in kitchens
She had me makin better grades to make a better life
But I never had no love or respect, cuz we gon be alright
I ran the streets and broke my curfew cuz I gave a shit
I carried guns and butcher knives cuz I was steadily in the mix, yeah
It was so hard to say goodbye, I'm a man now
I'm at the end of my street, so it's time to take my stand now
I call the wild because it's time to take the streets
So if you ain't got the burner, bring your big enough nuts (retreat)
I'm ready to wet 'em up like cereal
Just an international playa, comin through your stereo

[Chorus (2X):]

[Dre]
3-5-7 to your fo'head, there'll be mo' dead
Cuz I'mma po' kid
So Lord forgive me, I got to keep my milly right here near me
When I be doin fine until these niggaz want to clear me off my street
But in my hood hood, they hollerin ghetto
Don't have no neighbors that hit the pipe but never let go
But I feel for them like Chaka Khan feel for you
Ain't shit that we can do but rest in peace, pour a brew
On the concrete, remember when we ran deep
Remember at the party when we served them niggaz dandy
They know not to test us, test me, do me, try me
Trippin with that drama, my Beretta's right beside me
One is in mid-air and one is the chamber
Y'all ask me what the fuck I'm doin, I'm releasin anger
Quick to dodge danger, I'm takin it one day
At a time, I got the fattest dimes around my way
You can sway with Andre, I'll take her to the ho-jo, bitch
Just let you know, yeah

[Chorus (2X):]

[Big Boi]
It's on my friend, on the road again, I'm travelin
No more than 65 on 85 off in my Cadillac
I got that nigga Dre, he ridin shotgun
And got my pump under my seat, in case these yougstas wanna have some fun
I'd do it if I have to, bustin caps with this a heat and load it clip up
After clip
And after again, if I feel it
The glock, the gat, the nine, the heaters
See I be bustin caps like my amp be bustin speakers
So how do you figure that Big Boi beats ghetto blastin
You 'posed to be quickest draw, but man, I hail 'em faster
1-2-3, you need to think about the future
Before I shoot your ass and dilute your gut with lead
From my hollow clips, I'll send you to an early grave
You fuckin slave, you better try another way
To take me out, is truly something difficult
Don't even run up on me, unless you want your brain broke
I'm out of bullets lettin loose my last clip
I'mma kick you in your ass and your nigga gettin pistol whipped
You know that's how I do, you know that's how I do

[Chorus (2X)]

Yeah and it don't stop and it don't quit, to the muthafuckin...
Organized Noize, PA, Goodie Mob, Big Gipp and all the niggaz
Around the East Point way
College Park is really on the map
We comin around Atlanta and the niggaz are really strapped
With the muthafuckin guns and the muthafuckin glocks
Steady is the gas nigga, don't fear it and it don't stop
[Hook]
Even the sun goes down heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie and sometimes "y"
nothin' is for sure nothin' is for certain nothin' lasts forever
But until they close the curtain
it's him & I Aquemini

[Big Boi]
Now is the time to get on like Spike Lee said
get on the bus go get your work
and keep your beeper chirpin' is a must
Is you on that dust or cornstarch
familiar with that smack man
The music is like that green stuff
provided to you by sack man
Pac man how in the fuck do you think we gon' do that man?
Ridin' round Old National on 18's without no gat man
I'm strapped man & ready to bust on any nigga like that man
Me & my nigga we roll together like Batman & Robin
we prayed together through hard times
and swung hard when it was fitting
But now we tappin' the brakes from all them corners
that we be bending in Volkswagens & Bonnevilles
Chevrolets and Coupe De Villes
If you ain't got no rims nigga don't get no wood grain
steering wheel for real you can go on chill out & still build
let your paper stack instead of going into overkill
pay ya fuckin beeper bill bitch

[Hook]

[Dre]
Twice upon a time there was a boy who died twice
and lived happily ever after but that's another chapter
live from home of the brave with dirty dollars
& beauty parlors & baby bottles & bowling ball Impalas
& street scholars that's majoring in culinary arts
You know how to work bread cheese & dough
from scratch but see the catch is you can get caught
Know what ya sellin' what ya bought so cut that big talk
Let's walk to the bridge now meet me halfway
now you may see some children dead off in the pathway
it's them poor babies walkin' slowly to the candy lady
It's lookin' bad need some hope
like the words maybe, if, or probably more than a hobby
when my turntables get wobbly they don't fall
I'm sorry y'all I often drift I'm talkin' gift
so when it comes you never look the horse inside it's grill
of course you know I feel like the bearer of bad news
Don't want to be it but it's needed so what have you
Now question is every nigga with dreads for the cause?
Is every nigga with golds for the fall? Naw
So don't get caught in appearance
it's Outkast Aquemini another Black experience Okay

[Hook]

[Big Boi]
The name is Big Boi Daddy Fat Sax
the nigga that like them Cadillacs
I stay down with these streets
'cause these streets is where my folks at
Better know that some say we pro-black boy we professional
we missed a lot of church so the music is our confessional
Get off the testicles & the nut sacks
you bust a rhyme we bust back
Get get back for real niggas that's out here tryin' to spit facts
You hear dat can't come near dat maybe you need to quit
because Aquemini is Aquarius & Gemini runnin' shit like this
Yea yea yea yea

[Dre]
My mind warps and bends floats the wind count to ten
meet the twin Andre Ben. welcome to the lion's den
original skin many men comprehend
I extend myself so you go out & tell a friend
Sin all depends on what you believing in
Faith is what you make it that's the hardest shit since MC Ren
Alien can blend right on in wit' yo' kin
look again 'cause I swear I spot one every now & then
It's happenin' again wish I could tell you when
Andre this is Andre y'all just gon' have to make amends

[Hook]
[Verse One: Big Boi]

Well it's the M - I - crooked letter, ain't no one better
And when I'm on the microphone you best to wear your sweater
Cause I'm cooler than a polar bear's toenails
Oh hell, there he go again talkin that shit
Bend, corner's like I was a curve, I struck a nerve
And now you bout to see this Southern playa serve
I heard it's not where you're from but where you pay rent
Then I heard it's not what you make but how much you spent
you got me bent like elbows, amongst other things, nut I'm not worried
Cause when we step up in the party, like I'm out-you-scurry
So go get your fuckin' shine box, and your sack of nickles
It tickles to see you try to be like Mr. Pickles
Daddy fat sacks, B-I-G B-O-I
It's that same motherfucka that took them knuckles to your eye
And I try, to warn you not to test but you don't listen
Givin the shout out to my Uncle Donnel locked up in prison

[Chorus: Andre (repeat 2X)]

Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Then everybody say O-Yea-yer

[Verse Two: Andre]

Now, my oral demonstration be like clitoral stimulation
to the female gender, ain't nothin better
Let me know when it's wet enough to enter
If not I'll wait, because the future of the world depends on
Therefore, if not the child we raise gon' have that nigga syndrome
Or will it know to be the hard regardless of the skintone
I really feel that if we tune it, it just might get picked on
Or will it give a fuck about what others say and get gone
The alienators cause we different keep your hands to the sky
Like Sounds of Blackness when I practice what a preach ain't no lie
I'll be the baker and the maker of the piece of my pie
Now breaker, breaker 10-4 can I get some reply?
Now everybody say...

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Big Boi, Andre]

Everyday I sit while my nigga be in school
Thinkin about the second album at the Dungeon shootin pool
Like E-S to the P-N, cuz we adjust to the beat in the zone (zone)
Honey I'm home but I'm not married
Carried a lot of problems around being fustrated
And now I'm sittin at the end of the month I just made it
Like you made the B team
And like the daddy's wife you makin the coffee
You heard the A-T-L-iens
So back the hell up off me

Softly as if I played piano in the dark
Found a way to channel my anger not to embark
The world's a stage and everybody's got to play their part
God works in mysterious ways so when he starts
the job of speakin through us we be so sincere with this here
No drugs or alcohol so I can get the signal clear as day
Put my glock away I got a stronger weapon
that never runs out of ammunition so I'm ready for war okay

[Chorus]
[Dre]
1, 2.. 1, 2, 3; yeah!
In-slum-national, underground
Thunder pounds when I stomp the ground (Woo!)
Like a million elephants and silverback orangutans
You can't stop a train
Who want some? Don't come un-pre-pared
I'll be there, but when I leave there
Better be a household name
Weather man tellin' us it ain't gon' rain
So now we sittin' in a drop-top, soaking wet
In a silk suit, tryin' not to sweat
Hits somersaults without the net
But this'll be the year that we won't forget
One-Nine-Nine-Nine, Anno Domini anything goes, be whatchu wanna be
Long as you know consequences, to give and for livin'
The fence is too high to jump in jail
Too low to dig, I might just touch hell
HOT! Get a life, now they on sale
Then I might cast you a spell, look at what came in the mail
A scale and some Arm and Hammer, soul gold grill and some baby mama
Black Cadillac and a pack of pampers
Stack of question with no answers
Cure for cancer, cure for AIDS
Make a nigga wanna stay on tour for days
Get back home, things are wrong
Well not really it was bad all along
before he left adds up, to a ball of power
Thoughts at a thousands miles per hour
Hello, ghetto, let your brain breathe,
believe there's always more, ahhhhh!

[Chorus: 2X]
[Dre] Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
[Choir] Bombs over Baghdad!
[Dre] Yeah! Ha ha yeah!
Don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
[Choir] Bombs over Baghdad!
[Dre] Yeah! Uhh-huh

[Big Boi]
Uno, dos, tres, it's on
Did you ever think a pimp rock a microphone?
Like that there boy and we still stay street
Big things happen every time we meet
Like a track team, crack fiend, dying to geek
Outkast bumpin' up and down the street
Slant back, Cadillac, 'bout five nigga deep
Seventy-five MC's freestylin' to the beat
Cause we get crunk, stay crunk, at the club
Should have bought an ounce, but you copped a dub
Should have held back, but you throwed the punch
'Spose to meet your girl but you packed a lunch
No D to-the U to-the G for you
Got a son on the way by the name of Bamboo
Got a little baby girl four year, Jordan
Never turn my back on my kids for them
Should have hit it (hit it) quit it (quit it) rag (rag) top (top)
Before you RE up, get a laptop
Make a business for yourself, boy, set some goals
Make a fat diamond out of dusty coals
Record number four, but we on the road
Hold up, slow up, stop, control
Like Janet, Planets, Stankonia is on ya
A movin' like Floyd commin' straight to Florida
Lock all your windows then block the corridors
Pullin' off on bell 'cause a whippings in order
I like a three piece fish before I cut your daughter
Yo quiero Taco Bell, then I hit the border
Pity PAT rappers tryin' to get the five
I'm a microphone fiend tryin' to stay alive
When you come to ATL boi you better not hide
cause the Dungeon Family gon' ride, hah!

[Chorus: 2X]
[Dre] Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
[Choir] Bombs over Baghdad!
[Dre] Yeah! Ha ha yeah!
Don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
[Choir] Bombs over Baghdad!
[Dre] Yeah! Uhh-huh

[Choir]
Bombs over Baghdad! Yeah
Bombs over Baghdad! Yeah
Bombs over Baghdad! Yeah
Bombs over Baghdad! Yeah

[Dre]
B-I-G, B-O-I
An-An-Andre
To the T-O-P

[Dre and Big Boi: 15X]
Bob your head. Rag top.

(1, 2.. 1, 2, 3, 4) (Gimme some)

[Choir: 23X]
Power music. Electric revival.
I came into this world high as a bird
From second hand cocain powder
i know it sounds absurd
I never tooted but its in my veins
While the rest of the country bungies off bridges
Without no snap back
and bitches they say they need that
To shake they fannies in the ass clubs
they go the other route
turn each other out
burn each other out
where a bonified nigga like me
can't even get no back rub these days
ain't that bleak on they part
but let me hold it down
cause they shut you down
when you speak from your heart
now that's hard
while we rantin and ravin bout gats
nigga they made them gats
they got some shit that'll blow out our backs
from where they stay at

[Chorus:]

Ooooh, I fear the battle's just begun
Ooooh, though we're here someday we will be gone
so i'm hopin, wishin, prayin
to keep my faith in you, in you

(yo, yo, yo in background)

I'm fascinated by the way yo
nipples peak at me through yo blouse
freaky me, freaky you
can't help but be aroused
'scuse me lord less for thinkin
but that's the way we was brought up
sneakin to watch playboy at night
we all must be caught up in worldly ways
Chemistry between boys and girls
is alot like when we went to the woods
and laid with the squirrels
durin P.E., we'd be
exploring each others privates
hunchin with all our clothes on
until we felt excited then, aaaah
oh now its on from here on out
put yo hands in the atmosphere
if you know what i'm talkin bout
now if two hearts done walk on out
and i see you on the next song
they call it horny
Because its devilish
now see we dead wrong

[Chorus]

People don't know the stress i'm dealing with day to day
Speakin about the feeling i'm possessing for Rene
Mopin around and wondering where she stay
saw her last that she lay
give it another day i say
but the lord he taketh away
now give it back lawd
cause that's like backboards without the rims
me and my auntie was tight like southwest
before the pinks moved in
like the niggas that owned the ligour store
crack cocaine, pimps and whores
livin up on this earth
before a nigga like daddy was born
but they makin a scene
that my music and crime are a team
but i'm speakin the truth not dreams
so what in the fuck they mean
my lyrics ain't clean

[Chorus]
Ready to set this bitch off?
Yeah
All right, you got to step, close to the mic
Gotta put the headphones on...
You gotta speak into the microphone
Say it...
Huh?
Say something
Okay
What are you..? I thought you were going to rap?
Ill ra rap
Wait wait wait
You got to let them know what your name is
Wha...
What's your name?
Bamboo
What's your name?
Bamboo
No you got to speak into the mic
BamBOO!
That right let them know
And what you, what you come in here for the booz to do?
Rap
Came to do what?
Coming to rap!
That's right, rap
What you going to rap?
In the whole world
A'ight, that's your jam
A'ight, ready?
Yeah
Sing it

In the whole world nah nah nah nah nah
Get down bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da
In the whole world na bah da bah da
Get down bah bah-da, bah bah bah bah

Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah
And what else you got to say
...Michael jackson
Michael jackson? not on my record you ain't singin' about michael jackson...
Ready?
Go ahead
Ready?
Say it in the mic
Asaiah motha fucka!
Haha nah, I ain't say him to say that
That's right let's do it baby
Hehehe haha
Ah you did it, gimme five!
The boo! yeah!
The music's starting
My name is B-A-M-B-O-O
I'm so fast and everybody is slow
I'm so strong I can pick anybody up
I will throw you down and I will give you a pop
He farts a lot and plus drools a lot and he's sleeping a lot

You don't kill me like that!
My name is Cross
I am the boss
I'm a visiouse bowler
I wear a Polo – with the horse on it
I'm on it! I'm on it!
And I pop a wheely
If somebody speeds me I hit 'em!
I can't remember...
I want to dance
Can I dance?
[Andre 3000]
Sophistafunk, aristocats
Distinguished stars, clean up your acts
Pull up your pants, ladies and gents
Please, act like you got some sense
You know what I really wanna know?
Where do all the good girls go
What clubs they hang in?

[Chorus]
Behold a lady
I see you standin' on the wall
Clap, clap... you deserve it all [Repeat]
[Ad libs]
Candy-coated unicorns are quite hard to find
The classic lady, a rare breed indeed
Is that make and model discontinued?

[Verse 1]
Today I might snow, tomorrow I'll rain
3000's always changing but you stay the same
And I need that, hey I need that (in my life)
When I feel washed up and inadequate
And throw all my songs away, no matter how mad I get
You make me smile, you make me smile
You make me smile, you make me... (Hoooooooo!)
You're the anchor that holds me down
When my ship is sinking
You won't let me drown and I'm grateful
(Awwaww Awwawwawwawwawwwwawww!)

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Yo' mama's old fashioned, yo' daddy don't play
You'll always be this lovely
'Cause they raised you that way
Hallelujah! Thank ya Jesus! Thank ya Lord!
Thank ya Jesus! Thank ya Lord!
Thank ya Jesus! Thank ya Lord!
You're not extra, extra. you're so plain Jane
The yin to my yang, darlin'
You've got that thang and you know it
But yet you don't and that's what's so cool
You don't say too much, but when you do it's profound
In the street you hold your head high
At home you get low down for me
(Can't get no lower, can't get no lower, can't get no lower, yeah!)
Hooo! You're the anchor that holds me down
When my ship is sinking, you won't let me drown (Aaaaaaahh!)
(Ad libs)
Sad, but one day our kids will have to visit museums
To see what a lady looks like
So if you find one, I beg you, hold her tight
If you spot one, good sir, treat her right
This is Benjamin Andre signing off
Thanks a million
Good luck and goodnight

[Chorus 2x]
["It all started at an accident scene on Bankhead and Ash Street.
It's not clear if the suspect caused it; it is clear he wielded
a hammer and told ..... to get out of his car."]

[Verse One: Big Boi, Andre]

Yeah, yeah check it
From alligator belts to patty melts I be that smoothest nigga
So hwo do you figga that Atlant don't be pullin dem triggas
The Southernplayalistic pimp is up in this bitch
Man, my folkers up on that track, complimentin that wickedness
See one is for the money two is for my niggaz who jack
Niggaz ain't takin that shit no mo' they got big Benz and Cadillac
My gat is in my lap, so whatchu wanna be startin now?
I'm pissin up on Jeffrey's Dahmer grave that cracker was foul

Too close for comfort, too close to home
Too close to be playin yo ass so hey why don't you get yo' own
As long, as I got this legally
People see that we can be on top of things without causin
another nigga sorrow, I know it seems it ain't enough to go around
But keep on holdin on like Goodie Mob cause it's a better day tomorrow
That's all I can say, can't tell the future
Tomorrow's another day but today, they just might shoot you
For your ride, fuck your pride, hah better be out your seat
Quick and snappy with a happy face before you bleed
Ask me, if that material shit is worth yo' life
I don't know about yours but if so you smokin pipes right

[Verse Two: Andre, Big Boi]

Deep in the dungeon for these many months
Amongst the Dungeon Dragon as we pass around dem blunts
Had to cut it out like Cheers, but for years I used to burn em
Gettin deep in my thoughts just to get shit off my sternum
Chest/chess, I never played but made many a moves
I still blame it on session cause I can't remember the due
I guess, I feel that gettin a Benz is out of the question
The world is yellin Hootie Hoo but in my pockets nuthin but
gum and lint, to sum the shit, of I'm broke
Nothin but hope, so Big Boi, tell em what you toke

I'm travellin up to Jersey with four keys off in my trunk
And thinkin of startin the ways to get that motherfucker krunk
See yes I be that nigga that with that sess off in my chest
Smokin and tokin them token blacks, that wanted to test
See strong niggaz survive and the weak niggaz they die
I never fuck no white bitch, I stop eatin that pig sty
Be activatin that Lo-Jack cause the Fleetwood has been stolen
Campalton Road is open, the B-I-G has spoken
Cause it's like this

[Verse Three: Big Boi, Andre]

I got these thoughts, similar to the ones that call in the wild
Up in the Benz is where I be doin about a hundred miles
The world is FUCKED UP how these niggaz be drivin drunk
Vehicular homicide with their bodies off in your trunk
To me the cards is not belong I use that strong arm robbery
Robbin spree, look at me, W-M-B
Backwards, takin you to the cha cha with these verses
Comin around the projects make you sleep off in dem hearses
I got a word of wisdom, for those who must be zest
You'll be needin a physical therapist, cause you can't fuck with this

While you sat down by the seashore thinkin about some seashells
I was around the corner from Clemson Hills thinkin about the V-12
But maybe not for long because I just done seen the light
I'm packin my screwdriver so see I'm gon' be alright
Just moving the steering wheel side to side like a slalom
Now I ain't got no problem I'm just breakin the steerin column
I spot him, in the middle of the MARTA parkin lot
I'm hearin a voice in the back of my head yellin "Andre stop!"
But do I stop, naw I figure it's a come up
But now I'm goin down cause the folks wanna run up
DAMN!!!

["These days, the best way to deal with a car jacker
is to simply give them what they want."]
Can I dance?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, Awww shit!
Big Boi, Big boi

[Verse 1]
What if everything you ever knew or known was lost
The needs tend to freeze you when you gatherin' yo thoughts
You pause for the cause,try to recall and remember
But the train is in reverse and the caboose is in the center
cause your mind ain't free, constricting by the motherfuckin' boundaries
An ounce of weed or an pound of dro
Couldn't place you on the planet where I'm transmitting life from bro
brother, brohem
Cadillac on bows, strike a pose then the door slams, wham nigga wham, don't they say that in they show damn
For show man, actin like a tadpole out of gonads, you now how catch the truth, hit the booth we makin more jams
Spread the strawberry preserves on your nervous program, fuck the learning curve
We took our ramp to no man's land
Hello,is anybody home, is anybody givin dome
Serve me up I want some

[Chorus]
Buggface toe jam, from the face up cuz you don't give a jam
Jam to the jam, toast jelly to the jam
Imagine me now jammin, shovin it up your monkey jam
Buggface toe jam, from the face up cuz you don't give a jam
Jam to the jam, toast jelly to the jam
Imagine me now jammin, shovin it up your monkey jam

[Verse 2]
When I'm left alone I get to thinking to myself
The mind is a terrible thing to waste so use it until none's left
Like everything is alright clearly tight to death
I can see clearly now analyzing every step
Clearly you can feel me cuz it's beating through your chest
And you can see me clearly through the window paint drip wet wet
with no tint not yet,clearly I'm a vet
And not a vetinarian, but clearly pitbulls are the best
Like the O-U-T-K-S, cleary nigga you know the rest
And if you acting like you don't, cleary nigga you trying to test
Crystal clearly I confess, and I suggest, you clear the runway
Cuz the ticket is a one-way, clearly back we won't be coming

[Chorus]
Buggface toe jam, from the face up cuz you don't give a jam
Jam to the jam, toast jelly to the jam
Imagine me now jammin, shovin it up your monkey jam
Buggface toe jam, from the face up cuz you don't give a jam
Jam to the jam, toast jelly to the jam
Imagine me now jammin, shovin it up your monkey jam

Can I dance?
Can I dance?

Oh shit, bamboo! Stop! [Laughing]
Y'all just playin around now! Come on Cross! [fades]
I'll be comin around the ghetto when I come kickin one for the treble
Y'all can't stoop to my level, I'm like the devil or whatever
I'm pickin up and throwin 'em down like dishes
Call me Kenny Anderson cuz I slam those Southern bitches
I ain't braggin, folks draggin me up and down the road
To be fucked up when I gets into my clownin mode
Then go to clown up on they ass like Bozo
Oh no, then dance on top of they asses like I was Jo Jo Dancer
Come Comet, come Dasher, come Prancer
Come niggaz with machine guns, I think that is the answer
But the question 'Should we take that bullshit from them people?'
I'm makin 300 on my SAT and I am equal
Ain't no sequel, no saga, no way out, I'm nervous
I've had it up to fo'head of niggaz tryin to serve us
To graduate is really becomin a very stressful journey
I feel like a steering wheel, for them is tryin to turn me
Into a hate monger, and I'm wishin and I wonder
Damn, will I graduate before I hit the summer
I think not, Officer Friendly tryin to dig up in me
He said I'm half assed and got no future
And so he sent me up the creek and shit
Strokin like hell without no paddle
But niggaz is gettin smart, we back on the saddle
No longer, y'all know y'all had us down for some years
It's the call of da wild nigga, uh, there it is

[Chorus: Cee-Lo]

I hear voices in my head and they keep callin me [repeat 4X]

[T-Mo]
As I step, the stage is empty
No words as I serve with my Southern dialect, so I get respect
Don't call me T, it's a T thang with a G swang
Let my nuts hang down to the flo' main
Smokin that dang dang, makin mics swang
In my 2-8-0 Z, nobody can see me
Cruisin down the block, just like I was a squirrel
In a world full of nuts, damn
I'd probably be mad even if I called him Uncle Sam
So bring dough to the Goodie Mo-B
T-Mo, Khujo, Cee-Lo, J and my homie rather be
Don't flex on next, I break necks too
Rollin with Outkast, PA, Goodie Mob for the 94
Ha-ha-ha
Yeah, you know what I'm sayin?

[Chorus:]

[Big Boi]
Yeah, I'm steady buckin muthafuckas
Not duckin 'em like the goose, I'm heavily strapped, yeah niggaz
Squeezin rhymes like that noose around your neck
You can't hang with this, see ain't no thangs to this
I show no pity so take off because I'm dangerous
I breaks 'em off like I was Beat Street, see I be breakin
Speakin of breakin, break on how to get your life taken, boy
Fuckin around with me will get your cabbage cut, your wig split
Simply means I'm bringin the funk with the hollow tips
Playa shit is how I'm kickin it
Comin around the ghetto, victims soft as a tack on a jackass
So fuck it or flip it, I'll still be a playa
Puffy afro with nigga naps off in my hair
Shit, that's quickly how I run my shit and that's how it be
That nigga B-I-G B-O-I, that be me, ye
See I'm a playa, got my struggle on
Thinkin about the volume and thickness of my bankroll
You see that cash is in my shit like colon cancer
Even though I never smoke that shit like...yeah
I give a call of da wild to my niggaz around the projects
So don't flex or get served with a pop neck shit
OG, original gangsta, not quite
But maybe when I'm locked up, liftin weights, gettin swole right
Life's a bitch with a G-string c5z these off in your ass with it hey
So you can see who can really hang
But y'all don't wanna do nothin, y'all can go to hell
Ain't no playas in office cuz I'm locked off in a cell
So can you feel me, nigga

[Chorus:]

[Khujo]
Khujo, comin in dope, bring it
I got more problems than the average Joe
So don't come 'round me with your flim flam, hot damn
It's a jack, top of the burbs, and my notebook is a bird
K's madness into cappin
Throwin to do more load, so my fire lookin through the want ads
And only red hot, desire in your pot with somethin wicked
But you can't feel it, stickin out your monkey ass
I could let shit rot in the past, now it's time to blast they ass
Shhh...Mr. Knighton take off your hat
Can't even my wear my locs in
Demon eye scopin, oh my, peripheral vision got it
Made you go on your hoe's bar
Decisions, decisions to make, oops, here comes the Goodie Mo crew
And they just might want to battle you
Out with the quickness
The price of livin is beginning to be a risky business
Unkay, Parkay.
How do you like the taste of hot butter meltin through your biscuits?
This is your brain on drugs, this is your brain...
Don't cut niggaz I hang with before there were apartments
In Chapel Forest, it's gettin horrid
The huntin child is on the prowl, yahhh!!!!!
I let out a call to da wild
I let out a call to da wild
Yo, this is my story, this is my song
And to them rudypoots don't attempt to try this at home
It's just a poem until y'all learn right from wrong
Kwow when to bless a situation, when to grab the chrome
But it's back on, another stormy night in Atlanta, Georgia
Overcast, but on behalf of Outkast, I cordially
Invite you to an emotion filled theater
Bring your umbrella cause young fella it gets no weirder

[Refrain]
We reign, reign supreme, preme, dungeon, dungeon kings
Do you know what it brings rats, mice, snakes up out of they hole
Chonkyfire, spliced with rock n'roll indubitably, piper pied
Now hold on my brother no, no, no, no, can't stop the stride

You are now about entering the fifth demension of ascension
Our only intention is to take you high
High, yeah, yeah my lord

[Big Boi]
To make one bob they head would be the track job
your job's to spit that fire
Some of y'all MC's take this rhyming for granted I won't comply
With that slackin, poppin and crackin 4th ward way we snappin
They won't that hardness that oddness that gets a nigga to start this
What's happening, see if do what yo won't do today boy
Will I live tommorrow like you can't even live cause you strayed
Motivational skills lacking, when I see you nigga packin
Understand that though, you behind a $75,000 car do'
But you still stay with mom though playin the king like Don doe
You chocked up, you was the nigga that supposed to be locced up
Makin them thick Hip Hop is dead, exhume the body if you ain't scarred
And if I see you in the streets I'd dap you down like you was Greg

[Refrain]
Chronomentrophobia... The fear of clocks... The fear of time

[Verse 1]
High as the cost of living
I take what I've been given
Pastor say "be strong"
Ooh hey hey
I ain't got time leave me alone

I ain't got much time left
I've got to funk you now

[Chorus]
Chronomentrophobia chronomentrophobia
Chronomentrophobia chronomentrophobia
Chronomentrophobia chronomentrophobia
Chronomentrophobia chronomentrophobia

[Verse 2]
Lord be havin mercy on my soul
I'm havin the impression that my life gon be a bowl
Of cherries but its very hard for me to cope
Got tired of bein broke
This ATLien ain't got no time to sit and mope
Made up my mind while y'all made up y'all beds
On a cold wooden floor is where I laid my head
Born in 1975 never thought I'd make it this far
Still battlin in this racial war
Tryin to find solutions to the situation I'm facin
Only thing thats free is my flow that y'all be chasin
Lettin my niggaz know before I go I drop that knowledge
Like droppin books lets stop the crooks
From robbin you of your brains and such usin welfare as a crutch
I'm in it for good you into my hood you won't be findin much
Hope that when I'm gone y'all remember this
What we stood for "fuck that fame and that glitz"
It's beginnin to look a lot like the endin
And got to be more careful know what corners you be bendin
Revelations gettin impatient and now I'm dead
Remember what I said I'm gone bow ya heads
Man, have you ever really wondered
Like why are we here? What the meanin to all of this?

[Chorus: Big Boi]
Sometimes life can keep you down, with your face all in the dirt
(HALL-LE-LU-JAH)
Now if you feel that left behind, need to get up and go to church
(HALL-LE-LU-JAH)
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh
(HALL-LE-LU-JAH)
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh..
(HALL-LE, LU-JAH)

[Verse One: Big Boi]
Big, slide into the mode, time to drop a load
My life is goin downhill like some cardboard in the snow
My bank account is frozen, I
don't think that I can get out this hole
Feel like the figure four leglock
Like the jury went away and then they came back deadlocked
I can't move, I can't eat, I can't even breathe
Can't even buy a decent sack without the stems and the seeds
No trees, no P's to ease the stress of everyday livin
But homeless people gotta suck it up wherever they livin
The unforgiven or the unwillin, live a life of sinnin
And expect to be as pure as an infant in the beginnin

[Interlude]
But what about repentance?
What about detention?
What about you eating dinner in the devil's kitchen?
But what about repentance?
What about committing the same sin
over and over again and again and ah..

[Hook - singers]
Why are we here? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Please tell me - what are we here foooooooorrrrrrrrrr?
OW!

[Verse Two: Big Boi]
Life, is nothin but a dream, so peaceful and serene
Unless you're bein evil then you on the devil's team
Well I receive what you want to believe
But soon you'll have to sew those bad seeds
Please, any man can ask, to get a pass
or a cleansing of sin to grant another chance
Perhaps another glance of the light at the end of the tunnel
Talk to the coach or break out the huddle
Whatever should you fumble your rebuttal should be subtle
Cause he who lives in the upper room is never gullible
As you survey the syllables and sentences
The question that I'm merely tryin to pose is as simple as me sayin

[Interlude]

[Chorus (minus HALL-LE-LU-JAH singers)]

[Hook]

[ad libs to the end]
[Big Boi]
Well it is I, the pimp playin nigga that you heard about
Yeah, I got the money and a half a million dope houses
I got the hookers on the go and playa rhymes that I fuck with
I buy amps that pops my trunk swift
I've been a player since the age of two
That's when I learned to walk, grab my crotch, talk
Do how them hoe sellers do
See born and raised as a pimp, that's what I claim to be
Always claimin true to what I do and then fuck what I see
I pledge allegiance to the streets, that's where I growed up
And make my money cuz my daddy never showed up
But fuck it, I'm on my own, I'm in my zone
And nothin wrong, you don't belong, you left me standing alone
Yeah, I'm the nigga with the feather in my hat
Finger waves and snake skins, shit, I got all that
But you ain't know I'm the one dippin and dodgin bullets
The price you pay when you behind it steady tryin to pull it
So Dolemite, Dolemite not shit, I studied the Mack and Rudy Ray Moore
They were my idols when I was a kid
From nappy head, greasy face, eatin watermelon
To drug dealer, armed robber, now, to big felon

[chorus: repeat 2X]

I wonder how you would react if you was in my shoes
I put in work and did the dirt, that's how I payed my dues
Uh, 1-2-3, that's how it be
So all the real niggaz step up like the playas that's in back of me

[Dre]
All heavenly Father, why do you even bother watchin over me
Growin up a little G, my mama thought I'd grow to be
A lawyer or a doctor but I felt like comin harder
Packed a shank up in my socks when I started kindergarten
This ain't no secret garden, so you fly when niggaz flee
If it is one of my own, I'm lettin the trigger be
Cuz I got love for any nigga who got love for me
And then I get a slap of dap when I'm slangin quarter keys
Just tryin to make it, then of age, come through, take it
I ain't forgot about y'all women who be workin niggaz butt naked
At Magic City, shakin titties just to pay the rent
Lord, tryin to hustle must be somethin that was heaven sent
But I ain't got no sense, that's what I got them thinkin
I think about payback, strap myself and keep on dankin
Cuz I be takin the rough side of the mountain
If you cross my path, I'll leave you drainin like a fountain
Yes it's been like that since way back, in 1975
Been taught to hustle with muscle and even try to strive
So little botty bwoy better say your prayers
You better learn some street sense before somebody lay ya

[chorus: repeat 4X]
[people talking in club]
[Girl]
Hey baby
[Guy]
Wutsup?
[Girl]
...What do i gotta do to get
A tip-dance?
[Guy]
Psht... you know what you gotta do ...ya kno gimme some head..
[laughter]
Naw i'm juss fuckin wit ya baby, i'm juss fuckin wit ya...juss go get 2 of your friends...and tell the dj to play
Somethin long n' slow...
[Girl]
Alright, baby
[Verse One: Andre]
Yessuh
Let me dig into your brain, folks fallin like rain
Property got me sellin thangs, guess I'm gon' explain
Jane is rolled up, no gangs be throwed up
But still Andre got action, they Sweat like Keith, all on my teeth
I take it upon myself to handle mine, thinkin that you
Gots ample to do this have you shot I thought you knew this
I'm crumblin', no time for fumblin sellin my sacks watchin my back
Wettin em up like splish, leavin em in a splash
Of blood, the clock is tickin niggaz from my block is missin
I'm puttin it down like it be hot before we all get shot
Got, only so much time in this bastard
Bitter be claimin broke but I be sayin they pro-cras-ti-natin
Settlin for less, bet' be ready
When they roll up in your nest and, sink one in your chest and
Youse gone, up outta here for good
Y'all be bobbin back and forth to let me know you understood
Yeah, whassup

[Chorus:]
There's only so much time left in this crazy world
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
Niggaz can't let niggaz they don't understand (what's the master plan)
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb

[Verse Two: Big Boi]
So check me out, see
Once in a while when niggaz be tryin to test me I gets frisky
Grab a pint of golden whiskey then they swing but shit they missed me huh
I'm gettin nice with them thangs, because I do like that
You heard me on the radio and yes my man I'm true to dat
I run my lyrics the way y'all wanna hear em
And shoot my dice like it's the brick the way that wall done flicks em
Nigga, so ring around the roses diamonds around my neck from flexin
But I'm runnin niggaz over like a ninety-fo' Lexus, test it
Ten millimeters count em nigga fuckin high
See I added a millimeter for y'all niggaz doin crimes and drivebys
Kiss yo' ass bye-bye, sayanora suckers
I flipped the script and turned the page ain't scared of you motherfuckers
Be boppin shots, like them hoes be poppin coochies
And I still be spreadin bullets like them freaks be spreadin cooties
So look here niggaz, I'm Huntin Red October
I said my shit and ran my lyrics and now my verse is over

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Big Boi, Andre]
Wooo! Big Boi
Got a type of nugget, blunt box, it's empty
That's where the erb be droppin, it's simply marvelous time is tickin
But some of that time when I be layin vocals in the Dungeon
Sugar Bear and Mon be smokin ounces like it ain't nuttin
It ain't shit, to take another hit so hit it
Of the canibus seteva weed reefer yeah smoke shit
It's all day any til they label me deceased
So fire up another one and smoke out and fuck the world peace

We, is gonna smoke out, until we choke out
Like some merry men, cowards I be buryin
Comin around my shop with that see nigga you gets nothin
Just like DJ do the cuttin I be havin your posse duckin nothin but
King Shit, I am askin, sucka can you hand
That player with the pepper throwin salt off in your game
Sprinkle sprinkle motherfucker don't be cryin on me
That stuff the sess be in my chest until I'm chillin in peace, yeah

[Chorus]

[Outro: Big Boi]

Ahhhh shit now
Comin in like two fat hoes sittin off on Corn Flakes
Droppin these thangs like french fries in hot grease
Big Gipp, Goodie Mob, P.A., OutKast
The J-O-I, just to let y'all niggaz know
Forever pimpin never slippin that's how it is
That how it's gon' be, that's how it was in the past
That's how it's gon' be in the futures nigga
It's all day eryday, so whatchu wanna do with it?
Bring that shit on, knowhatI'msayin? Yeah

[Chorus 2.5X]
Greetings, earthlings. Take me to your leader (Ooh Shit!)

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
D.E.E.P. you want to go D.E.E.P., I'll take ya D.E.E.P.
You know you fucked up when you let my mind creep
Deeper than the page of a book let me look
You let me hit the stage, that's when I got my folks hooked like...

[Dre]
Deeper than deep dish, hammers and vogues
Deeper fish in the O (cean)
I got my gun, I'll stamp out like Coast Guards
You boast hard, you'll get your salty ass crumbled like erb, word (hey man)
You heard it here first with your master plan in reverse
I ain't the one with the curse, so disperse, yes, catchin blades
Niggaz catchin AIDS, niggaz gettin sprayed, niggaz on they way
To a dead end, you won't catch me spreadin no white thighs
I only see afro bitches up in my eyes
I don't eat no beef and surely not no pork
I used to drink that 8, but now I shove it down your throat
Quote, 'If they kill they own folks, what you think they gonna do to you?'
I'm Outkasted and claimin true
Aimin two at your muthafuckin spine
No, I make that three cuz I don't wanna hear you whine
Swine, got my folks blind, like Stevie
Me be, wonderin when I'm gonna see the end
Andre 'gain slammin backs like King acts
Over Organized tracks full of facts
So you know that it's D.E.E.P.

[chorus: (2X)]

[Big Boi]
Well, you want me to get D.E.E.P., well then, I will
What? What will happen if you shoot that nigga and don't kill
He will come back and return like Lalah Hathaway
Aimin for your skull, yeah I'm flexin on you that a way
So if you pullin a tool, nigga you better use it
Cuz if you're threatenin my life, better believe I'll be a fool with it
I don't take no shit from nobody, I gots the Goodie Mo crew right beside of me
Damn, no pain, no gain, some I'mma hurt you
Breakin knees and elbows like I used to break my curfew
My mama used to tell me if a nigga ever hit me
Just to pick up the closest thing and knock the living shit out of he
So if you run up, you get done up, I'mma end it
Throw the gun up out the window, see the corner that I bent it
It's just so simple when we get so D.E.E.P.
Learn a lesson, pick up the album when it hits the streets like...

[chorus: (2X)]

[Dre]
No, I ain't never been pimped by the system
That's because I ain't no slave
Don't be tryin to sunbathe, never lived off in no cave
Bloody old chap and in this head of mine is full of naps
And the only thing I know is how to fuck and how to rap
Y'all think I'm stupid cuz I shoots 'em up like cupid
And if you gave me a basketball, I'll show you how to shoot it
My head's polluted cuz I'm truly bobbin to the bottom
If a pair of Jordan's came out, y'all figure that I got 'em
But no I don't because I don't be havin fun
The gold that I am wearin is really made out of bronze
It weighs a ton and makin my neck turn green
And I got a criminal record that will never come clean
Oh, and it seems that I make babies like a rabbit
And then never taking care of them has just become a habit
I grab my tablet and get busy with the pen
Y'all could not be just like me if y'all was my twin
So you get mad and try to make me inferior
You pissin me off, I'm in that ass like interior
Oh, step in my Cadillac, let's ride through the hood
Eh, why don't you roll that window down so you can see it real good
And take a look at all the pimps and all the pushers and the players
That's livin on a whim, thin ice and a prayer
Oh and mayor, can I get a little backup
Please don't let them pussy muthafuckas put that flag up
But let me shut up cuz they say we need dough
Whenever the fuck out record comes out in 1994
Yeah, yes sir, it's like that
Gonna take y'all deep, so go back

[chorus: (2X)]

[Big Boi]
I'm gettin D.E.E.P. like a prostitute's vagina
And pimpin way mo' hoes than there's peoples out in China
I roll that black Lac with the crust velvet interior
Niggaz try to bite their shit, but their shit is inferior
We rollin thick like the Pillsbury Doughboy
And I don't give a damn, muthafucka cuz you know why
The Caucus Mountains and the mutant gene
You try to wipe a nigga like me slam up off the scene
You hear me bastard, work a little bit faster
Because of the shit that I done been through, I shall never call you master
You D-E-V-I-L, the cave is where you dwell
So stay up out the rain, it's beginning to smell like dog, yeah
I wonder how you would react if you was in my shoes
You'd probably shit your tightest draws cuz I got a solid fuse
So what do you really wanna do when I get militant
Thought I was a pimp, flip the script if you can' get with this
They call me Big Boi, I be cappin with a big gun
Run up on it if you want it, then you bite the big one, yeah
Uh huh, can you deal with it, D-E-V-I-L

[chorus: (2X)]
[Big Boi]
Yea..
Somebody hit me the other day, for a rendezvous
Was it the bitch that fucked the Goodie, and the Dungeon Crew
Let's say her name was Suzy Skrew, cause she SCREWED a lot
Makin a nigga hit that chonk, at legitimate spots
Not no parks, backseats, or things of that nature
Had to hate ya playa, I'm dickin the hoe down never said I paid her
Straight laid her, slayed the bitch like Darth Daver, made her
From College Park and Fayette, all the way down to Decatur
Like Jada, her wig was sharp and sporty, that was shorty
Safe as a snake on eggs in a Beamer eight-hundred-forty
It's foggy, I went to the crib to call her but she lost me
My baby mamma beeped seven o'clock it's gonna cost me
but I still wanna cut her though, maybe she had to work
I caught her in the mall, wearin a real tight skirt
She was, fine as FUCK, I wanted to sex the hoe up
She said, "Let's hit the parking lot so I can sick your duck"
I said, "Cool, I really wanted to cut you but this'll do.
I gotta pick up my daughter plus my baby mamma beeped me too."
She said she understood then everything was kosher
I gave her a Lil' Will CD, and a fuckin poster
It's like that now

It's like that now, you better go on
and get, the hump, up out your back now
It's about four, or five, cats
off in my 'Llac now
We just, shoot, game in the
form of story rap now (yeah)
It's like that now, it's like that now

[Andre Benjamin]
Now Suzy Skrew had a partna named Sasha (Sasha), Thumper (Thumper)
I remember her number like the summer
when her and Suzy yeah they threw a slumber - - party
but you can not call it that cause it was slummer
Well it was more like spend the night
Three in the morning yawnin dancin under street lights
We chillin like a villain and a nigga feelin right
in the middle of the ghetto on the curb, but in spite
all of the bullshit we on our back starin at the stars above
(aww man) Talkin bout what we gonna be when we grow up
I said what you wanna be, she said, "Alive" (hmm)
It made me think for a minute, then looked in her eyes
I coulda died, time went on, I got grown
Rhyme got strong, mind got blown, I came back home
to find lil Sasha was gone
Her mamma said she with a nigga that be treatin her wrong
I kept on singin my song and hopin at a show
that I would one day see her standin in the front row
But two weeks later she got found in the back of a school
With a needle in her arm, baby two months due, Sasha Thumper

It's like that now, you better go on
and get, the hump, up out your back now
It's about four, or five, cats
off in my 'Llac now
We just, shoot, game in the
form of story rap now (yeah)
It's like that now, it's like that now

It's like that now, you better go on
and get, the hump, up out your back now
It's about four, or five, cats
off in my 'Llac now
We just, shoot, game in the
form of story rap now (yeah)
It's like that now, it's like that now
[Andre Benjamin]
Yea yea yea yeah yah yo
Baby did you hear that yea baby I heard it too
Look out the window golly the sky is electric blue
Mamma Earth is dyin and cryin because of you
Rainin cats and jackles all shackles disintegrate, to residue
Silly mortals haven't a clue
as to what the fuck is goin on
I'm on the telephone, dialin the Dungeon
"Hello?" This Dre, bring the MP and the SP
Meet me at the center of the earth and travel carefully
Baby grab the baby cause baby it ain't much time
Mamma Earth is tossin and turnin and that's our sign
Omega Nigga IFO's are landin in Decatur
Hope I'm not over your head but if so you will catch on later
Play the track, guess she could not take it anymo'
Rapin her heavenly body like a hoe, coochie so'
from niggaz constantly fuckin her never lovin her never showin
appreciation bustin nuts in her face when they done

[Big Boi]
The sky is fallin nobody ballin they done gave back they guns
for some tickets to the playoffs but the Hornets they won
Nigga we SLUM, kept all the guns, I gotta protect my family
I drove the biggest thing at the house
cause I knew they'd try to ram me, but I'm stabbing
Makin a path on expressways, the best way I know how
Up in the sky, East-West, no clouds
Him comin now, fuck that money now, I ask my honey how
she feeling and is Jordan okay, yeah yeah she's chillin
We should be in the Dungeon shortly
Ain't nobody on they porch see
Approachin the final exit
I'm thinkin I see four horsies but I don't though
Nigga you WON'T know, until it's on ya
I put that on my dope boys from A-Town to California
All the weed smell like ammonia
but at the Dungeon I know they smokin
Writin the raps and doin the beats to make this last recording
Fuck abortion, I got in the booth to run the final portion
The beat was very dirty and the vocals had distor-TION [echoes]

[sung in a low voice over and over]
All's well, nothing's well
[Andre 3000]
My suit is dark my clouds are gray
And all things around me pass away
Well what if I leave
Yeah thats what I'll do I'll leave

Cause 88 keys is all I got to lose
That ain't much you can have those shoes

I'm dyin to love dyin to play
Dyin to get out of here
I'm dyin to live

[female singers]
Percival (ohhh)
Says goodye (ohhh)
An angel dies
[Verse One: Andre]

One for the money yes uhh two for the show
A couple of years ago on Headland and Delowe
Was the start of somethin good
Where me and my nigga rodes the MARTA, through the hood
Just tryin ta find that hookup
Now everyday we look up at the ceiling
Watchin ceiling fans go around tryin ta catch that feelin
off instrumental, had my pencil, and plus my paper
We caught the 86 Lithonia headed to Decatur
Writing rhymes tryin ta find our spot off in that light
Light off in that spot, known that we could rock
Doin the hole in the wall clubs, this shit here must stop
Like freeze, we makin the crowd move but we not makin no G's
And that's a nono

[Verse Two: Big Boi]

Yeah, uhh, check it
Ahh one two, ahh one two doe, niggaz
in the Cadillac they call us went from Player's Ball to ballers
Puttin the South up on the map was like Little Rock to bangin
Niggaz say motherfuck that playin, they payin
We stay in layin vo-cals, locals done made it with them big boys
up in dis industry, Outkast yea dem niggaz they makin big noise
Over a million sold to this day, niggaz they take it lightly
Ninety-six gon be that year that all y'all playa haters can bite me
...around this bitch

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Me and you, your momma and your cousin too
Rollin down the strip on vogues
Comin up slammin Cadillac doz (doors)

[Verse Three: Big Boi]

Back in the day when I was younger, hunger
Lookin to fill me belly with that Rally's, bullshit, pull shit
off like it was supposed to be pulled
Full as a tick I was, stoned like white boys
Smokin them white golds before them blunts got krunk, chunky asses
passes gettin thrown like Hail Mary's and they lookin like Halle Berry
So so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sippin wine
We's just chillin, I'm the rabid villain, and I'm so high
Smokin freely, me Lil B, Greet, Mon and Shug
And my little brother James, thangs changed in the hood
where I live at, them rats know, mama I want to sing but
Mama I want to trick, and mama I'm suckin dick, now
We movin on up in da world like elevators
Me and the crew we pimps like eighty-two
Me and you like Tony Toni Tone
Like this Eastpointe and we gone

[Chorus]

[Verse Four: Andre]

Got stopped at the mall the other day
Heard a call from the other way
that I just came from, some nigga was sayin somethin
talkin bout "Hey man, you remember me from school?" smoke some
Naw not really but he kept smilin like a clown
facial expression lookin silly
And he kept askin me, what kind of car you drive, I know you paid
I know y'all got buku of hoes from all them songs that y'all done made
And I replied that I had been goin through tha same thing that he had
True I got more fans than the average man but not enough loot to last me
to the end of the week, I live by the beat like you live check to check
If you don't move yo' foot then I don't eat, so we like neck to neck
Yes we done come a long way like them Slim ass cigarettes
from Virginia, this ain't gon stop so we just gonna continue

[Chorus]
[Verse One: Andre]

One for the money yes uhh two for the show
A couple of years ago on Headland and Delowe
Was the start of somethin good
Where me and my nigga rodes the MARTA, through the hood
Just tryin ta find that hookup
Now everyday we look up at the ceiling
Watchin ceiling fans go around tryin ta catch that feelin
off instrumental, had my pencil, and plus my paper
We caught the 86 Lithonia headed to Decatur
Writing rhymes tryin ta find our spot off in that light
Light off in that spot, known that we could rock
Doin the hole in the wall clubs, this shit here must stop
Like freeze, we makin the crowd move but we not makin no G's
And that's a nono

[Verse Two: Big Boi]

Yeah, uhh, check it
Ahh one two, ahh one two doe, niggaz
in the Cadillac they call us went from Player's Ball to ballers
Puttin the South up on the map was like Little Rock to bangin
Niggaz say motherfuck that playin, they payin
We stay in layin vo-cals, locals done made it with them big boys
up in dis industry, Outkast yea dem niggaz they makin big noise
Over a million sold to this day, niggaz they take it lightly
Ninety-six gon be that year that all y'all playa haters can bite me
...around this bitch

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Me and you, your momma and your cousin too
Rollin down the strip on vogues
Comin up slammin Cadillac doz (doors)

[Verse Three: Big Boi]

Back in the day when I was younger, hunger
Lookin to fill me belly with that Rally's, bullshit, pull shit
off like it was supposed to be pulled
Full as a tick I was, stoned like white boys
Smokin them white golds before them blunts got krunk, chunky asses
passes gettin thrown like Hail Mary's and they lookin like Halle Berry
So so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sippin wine
We's just chillin, I'm the rabid villain, and I'm so high
Smokin freely, me Lil B, Greet, Mon and Shug
And my little brother James, thangs changed in the hood
where I live at, them rats know, mama I want to sing but
Mama I want to trick, and mama I'm suckin dick, now
We movin on up in da world like elevators
Me and the crew we pimps like eighty-two
Me and you like Tony Toni Tone
Like this Eastpointe and we gone

[Chorus]

[Verse Four: Andre]

Got stopped at the mall the other day
Heard a call from the other way
that I just came from, some nigga was sayin somethin
talkin bout "Hey man, you remember me from school?" smoke some
Naw not really but he kept smilin like a clown
facial expression lookin silly
And he kept askin me, what kind of car you drive, I know you paid
I know y'all got buku of hoes from all them songs that y'all done made
And I replied that I had been goin through tha same thing that he had
True I got more fans than the average man but not enough loot to last me
to the end of the week, I live by the beat like you live check to check
If you don't move yo' foot then I don't eat, so we like neck to neck
Yes we done come a long way like them Slim ass cigarettes
from Virginia, this ain't gon stop so we just gonna continue

[Chorus]
[Andre:]
Now sittin' in the bathtub listening to the Isley
Brothers and others outside my door want to despise me
Reminds me that everyone ain't cool the world is jealous
Never could understand when my momma use to tell us
"Don't take your food outside around your friends
Unless you got enough to feed the neighborhood"
The play has just began, follow me now
Act 1 scene 2 the date 1/1/96 the time I don't know
Mood disturbed, Ray goes on to say they trying to get over
Like them niggas with the blinker on, I got my thinker on
So I'm like word, How every you want to act is fine
That is real as fishing raw I might be kissing God
But I'm still in the bathtub so if you got cattle you best be fasting
For 7 days and 7 nights we everlasting
? on a quest to get my class ring just from them fhite wolks
I will if it's the last thing
I do

[Hook:]
Everlasting

[talking:]
Yeah, slick knowhatI'msayin'? I'm gonna tell you like this. Just cause I
live the apartment don't mean you can keep puttin' notes under my
windshield I tell you shortie gonna bust your ass about that shit.

[Big Boi:]
Hey y'all hey y'all hey y'all hoes
Back up in this bitch rippin' tracks like I'm suppose
Tommy and Ralph Lauren don't like niggas to wear they clothes
Where your proof at? Who's that? Talking shit like those
Keepin' the rumors up, I wish I lived in a fuckin' cage
I ride the streets in Lexus all these hoes wanna be saved
Go to college get a job because all you want to do is shake
I use to hit club niggas but I gave taht shit a break
Just like Maaco, Waco, burn it to the ground
I bet you eatin' pork when your partners ain't around
Backdraft things are Shaft slapping these hoes
Just like he's suppose to, quote you
"Big Boi is the pimp ass nigga that formed you"
Like pottery, sloppily playin' hoes the lotteries
OutKast did the dirt and now you swear your shit is poppin' see You bit
beats, we makin' hits so give me your flag back
I'm living in the SWATS so you may call me Daddy Fatsack
Yeah you know what I'm sayin'? Like this. Everlasting

[Hook]

[Big Boi:]
One in a million men passing the J off in the culture
Don't y'all smoke a couple of pounds and get tore up y'all
And tear the devil headquarter down to the grizzound
Is how we hti house and puff a couple of good pounds
Of good weed, PeeWee, my nigga Little Beewee
We need a 50 box of Phillies and some bouncin' titties
From the magic the flame niggas too is sharin' sequals
Never payin' for no pussy
You can shake it you can keep it to your self hoe

[Andre:]
You left your morals at the door, when you steeped in crept in
Nigga this baby is at the beach so now you wondering
Why your nigga done bust you in the fore, head
Ain't no respect there so you just assed out like breech
Delivery slivery got you swung on these types of things
Go on from here to Bornhome to London
England, Wall Street to y'all street
Sometime I get bewildered and it throws a nigga like me off beat
But I'm back on it
Because we last forever sound good don't it?
Rattling in your trunks like Fambu and the component
Said that's it, man fuck that shit
On and on and on and I'm out

[Hook]
[Big Boi:]

Peep what I say
Everyday--the sun sets just like clockwork
Put the glock to work
And puttin the body to standstlls
Man it kills me
Taking that life is like taking a shit
Hit or miss--niggas are playing God
Trying to rob and steal
That's why ya gotta guard ya grill
Like a barbecue--cause them harming you
Are just like honeybees swarming you
Vocally arming you was my responsibility
It's killing me--thinking that all these niggas
See they fly shit--thinking they steven segall an
Balling--falling to the wayside when ya try to call
I've fallen--when we was little nappy headed niggas in the projects
But now they carjacks, wait on income tax and unsafe sex
They get the tecs to flex--like solo for tha lo-lo
Smoke same thing no-no--not this time
Niggas around my way can rhyme
So fuck that country shit--we done a bunch of shit
And yes ya heard of this--out of this world like E.T.
Coming across ya T.V.
Extraterrestrial--straight from ATL.

(Know what I'm saying--Like that--Yeah)

[Chorus:]

Out of this world
Are you alien?
[repeat 3x]

Out of this world.......

[Andre:]

Right now I'm smiling
Taking advantage of this moment
Cause there might not be another soon
Holding on to memories like roller coaster handle bars
tightly cause I'm slightly off my rocker--But to you
I may appear to be your average joe
But little do you know
that even joe got problems that he gots to joust with
Floating in this game of life
Despite how out of place you may feel
In this race oh you just can't quit
Ain't that a bitch--that being heat
I'm on the beat like cops
Only cultivate the stable dirt when I skeet my drops
No concentrating knocking other niggas out the box
Why?--Cause in a sense
See we all be kind of fly
Just can't be scared to spread your wings
Head to better things
Maybe the mockingbird and nightengale
they want to sing--keeping this thing alive
To the table's what we bring
We like hailstorms and blizzards in the middle of the spring
Extraterrestrial

(Out of this world--Things like that--Yo)

[Chorus]
[music in background]

[Seller]
Ey ey ey, watsup playa i got these gold chains,14 k... 80 dollas... ey 'fore you say anything i got 'em off these white
Folks in Buck Heaton...14 k

[Man He's Selling To]
Naw man i dont need no chains..I, I'm straight...

[Seller]
Naw naw check these 14 k... 80 dollas.. 14 karat golds is what I'm trying to tell ya ..look, now,look...check it out..

[Man He's Selling To]
Man , what , are you trying to play me as some fool or something...

[Seller]
Man I Said 14 Motha Fuckin K... White Folks In Buck Heaton Man...

[Man He's Selling To]
Go on Man, Go on, Go on nigga...

[Seller]
Thas a motha fuckin pimp...nigga what's up? Man, holla at a nigga, man 80 dollas for this 14 karat gold chain, man, what
It is, man...

[Man He's Selling To]
I'll give you a sack, nigga, what's up with that ...

[Seller]
A sack? Nigga say beens...i want greens, bills, divideens, it's what i'm talkin 'bout... recognize 80 dolla, 14 k ...

[Man He's Selling To]
Man, get the hell on, man

[Seller]
Alright, Hold on man, ok then give me a sack, I'll go sell it to a nigga fo' 20 dollas then...

[fades out]
Clue (Clue)
Clue (Clue)
Clue (Clue)
Clue (Clue)...

[DJ Clue]
New Outkast
For my dirty South Niggas

[Outkast]
Out of the basement
Out of the dungeon
Look at Georgia boys
What have you done to them?
Rippin and sippin
Pimpin' and clippin'
And trimmin' up all the women
I'm swimming
But it's odd to me your words are kind of drippin'
I'm trippin'
Your flow's non-existant bitches missin'
Like Eric Robert Rudolf
Or Puss in boots with his boots off
Howdy doo boss
Check the southern slang boy I got a true drawl
From East Pointe to New York
It's OutKast and clue y'all
Howdy doo, y'all (Howdy doo, y'all)

Who can rip like this
Punchaneller, Punchaneller
Oh Outkast and DJ Clue
Aquamini and Roc-A-fella
I got the doo-wops and the fellas
Fuck the Haters and the Heathers
Like my flows and ho's alike
Cuz everything is 9 or better

Who can rip like this
Punchaneller, Punchaneller
Oh Outkast and DJ Clue
Aquamini and Roc-A-fella
I got the doo-wops and the fellas
Fuck the Haters and the Heathers
Like my flows and ho's alike
Cuz everything is 9 or better

Pissin' in the wind
Or shootin in the dark
Out on a blind date
Maybe fucking in the park
Without a rubber on
We are not alone
When I was younger songs
Had more fucking meaning (Meaning)
Now we are fiendin' for the new-new doo-doo
Stankonians activate that part of you that don't mo-ove
You think you're gettin' closer but you don't have a clue
Who only plays nines's and tens on the 1 and 2's

Hook (x4)
We can do it too
Funkanella, funkanella

[Killer Mike]
Allow me to remove your crew of those Iceburg sweaters
Boy I've never seen soft punch a fella
I remain in, the company of insane men
I be the reason niggas in the jeep's will tuck they chains in
Keep it swingin'
Why you trippin'
Hey we brothers
I'm like why you sniffin'
I got a snort habit motherfuckers!!
Niggas up the ante
But all your high yella heffa, got you up her panties
Leave bitch niggas naked like D'angelo
Crying and close to dying on they grandma's flo'
If you tell us where the dope at then I promise we go
Stop crying, stop praying where the yeh at ho'
Don't you dare scream Jesus I can snuff your mouth
Money, dope, you let these D boys move out your house
From Red Oak to Red Hook, I'm theme music for crooks
Michael from Adamsville with a murderous look
Leave you shook and nigga Punchenella, punchenella
I urge to Rob, rob-a-Fella, rob-a-fella

*Break {Speaking}*

Ayo rob that fellow man
And give me his god damn jewelry nigga
Hell yeah nigga
Strip down, strip buck naked for a nigga
Get that for it nigga
Strip nigga
Yeah
Black on pop nigga
{gunshots}
Man fuck that nigga

Who can rip like this
Punchaneller, Punchaneller
Oh Outkast and DJ Clue
Aquamini and Roc-A-fella
I got the doo-wops and the fellas
Fuck the Haters and the Heathers
Like my flows and ho's alike
Cuz everything is 9 or better

[Slimm Calhoun]
Now Slimm ain't havin' it
A DF advocate
Bustin' with Kast and Clue
Now Calhoun with a 'matic means
Shit can get tragic, mu'fucka
So what you gon' do
It's the deal pushing flash pan
The big deal change
I'm working up
Two in the back
Tocked out in the main
Keep this thing blowin' for the heathers and the hatas
Just got off the caper for the case in Decatur
Now I stacked up and sacked up in the back to the block
With eight bars to the heart
To asert it I chop
Keep working with 24 in the Glock
Major deep game, aquamini and Roc

Who can rip like this
Punchaneller, Punchaneller
Oh Outkast and DJ Clue
Aquemini and Roc-A-fella
I got the doo-wops and the fellas
Fuck the Haters and the Heathers
Like my flows and ho's alike
Cuz everything is 9 or better

Who can rip like this
Punchaneller, Punchaneller
Oh Outkast DJ Clue
Aquamini and Roc-A-fella
I got the doo-wops and the fellas
Fuck the Haters and the Heathers
Like my flows and ho's alike
Cuz everything is 9 or better

Hook [To Fade]

DJ Clue y'all
Hard Knock Life backstage
C'mon
[Intro/Chorus:]
Let me take you on a funky ride
All around the world
And ahh, if you let me give inside your mind
Feel your spirits fly

[Verse 1: Society of Soul]

Oh baby, would you like to take a little ride with me
Unleash your sexual fantasies
It would be so nice
Ahh, relax your body next to me
As I sing this OutKast melody
On this funky ride
So just relax baby

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Society of Soul]

Now baby, now the smoke is in the air
Montell and Co. has got me there
And we wonder why you're high?
Well baby umm, it's nothin but that
SESS in your CHEST that got you feelin kinda crazy
So let your spirits fly
Uhh and enjoy the ride
Oh yeah baby

[Chorus]

[Interlude of guitar]

[Chorus x4]

[Debra Killings 'climaxing' to fade]
Whoo (Whoo)
Turn me up, don't turn me down
Cut me up, don't let me down

Find, find a way
Find a way to get out, wit out, hit out
You dig in, dig out, you get out
Ghettomusick, ghettomusick
Find a way to get in, to fit in the ghetto
You get out, wit out a dime
Ghettomusick, ghettomusick
Climbing out this hole (climbin' out this hole)
With a frown on my face
In the place to be, (in the place to be) and not to be at the same time
G-h-e-t-t-o-m-u-s-i-c-k stay down
O-u-t-k-a-s-t (oooh yeah) just know that we won't play round
If feet don't stank like they stank then they can't swallow dat down
Your battleship is sunk, I wish grandma could see us
Find a way to get out, wit out, hit out
You dig in, dig out, you get out
Ghettomusick, ghettomusick
Find a way to get in, the fit in the ghetto
You get out, wit out a dime
Ghettomusick, ghettomusick
I just want you to know, how I feel
Feeling good, feeling great
Feeling great, feeling good, how are you?
I just want you to know, how I feel
Feeling good feeling great
Feeling great, feeling good, how are you?

Hot tub! Back to the bony of tony
Ask my grandmama ettamay here and she show me
How to be the smooth operator, dominator in the state of Georgia
Hip hops there to destroy ya
Leave a mother fucker open like a foyer
He from the dirt now here come the paranoia
A lawyer couldn't object or disrespect
The technique, Sweat me, wipe off the sweat
Fight off the shit and flush the waste down
The pipes of my life flow deep into the ground
Find my purpose on the surface of this earth is
Plan it, standards, trust and the purpose
Campaign in vein for the same lame fame, people obtain, you ought to be detained
By the hip hop sheriff, locked up
no possibility of getting out cause the shit you make is killing me and my ears, and my peers
I hear the end is near, no fear
we disappear, then reappear again in a fresh new light
I hope its peaceful and cloudy cause if its not we gotta fight like, fight like

G-h-e-t-t-o-m-u-s-i-c-k stay down
O-u-t-k-a-s-t just know that we won't play round
If feet don't stank like they stank then they can't swallow dat down
Your battleship is sunk, I wish grandma could see us
Find a way to get out, wit out, hit out
You dig in, dig out, you get out
Ghettomusick, ghettomusick
Find a way to get in, the fit in the ghetto
You get out, wit out a dime
Ghettomusick, ghettomusick
I just want you to know, how I feel
Feeling good, feeling great
Feeling great, feeling good, how are you?
I just want you to know, how I feel
Feeling good feeling great
Feeling great, feeling good, how are you?

[BREAK]
[Chorus:]
Nigga, you need to git up, git out and git somethin
Don't let the days of your life pass by
You need to git up, git out and git somethin
Don't spend all your time tryin to get high
You need git up, git out and git somethin
How will you make it if you never even try
You need to git up, git out and git somethin
Cuz you and I got to do for you and I

[Cee-Lo:]
I don't recall, ever graduatin at all
Sometimes I feel I'm just a disappointment to y'all
Every day, I just lay around then I can't be found
Always asked to give me some livin life like a bum
Times is rough, my auntie got enough problems of her own
Nigga, you supposed to be grown
I agree, I try to be the man I'm 'posed to be
But negativity is all you seem to ever see
I admit, I've done some dumb shit
And I'm probably gon do some mo'
You shouldn't hold that against me though (Why not?)
Why not? My music's all that I got
But some time must be ingested for this to be manifested
I know you know but I'm gon say this to you I...
Get high but I don't get too high
So what's the limit 'posed to be?
That must be why you can't get your ass up out the bed before three
You need to git up, git out, cut that bullshit out
Ain't you sick and tired of having to do without
And what up with all these questions?
As act as though you know somethin I don't. Do you have any suggestions?
Cuz every job I get is cruel and demeanin
Sick of takin trash out and toilet bowl cleanin
But I'm also sick and tired of strugglin
I never ever thought I'd have resort to drug smugglin
Naw, that ain't what I'm about
Cee-Lo is just continue travelin his route
Without any doubt or fear
I know the Lord ain't brought me this far so he could drop me off here
Did I make myself clear?

[chorus]

[Big Boi:]
Well, uh, git up, stand up. So what's said, you dickhead
See when I was a youngsta, used to wear them fuckin broke Keds
My mama made me do it, but the devil, he made me smart
Told me to jack them weak ass niggaz for they fuckin Starters
In the middle school, I was a bigger fool
I wore with tank tops to show off my tattoo, thought I was cool
I used to hang out with my daddy's brothers, I call them my uncles
They taught me how to smoke herb, I followed them when they ran numbers
So in a sense I was Rosemary's baby
And then, I learned the difference between a bitch and a lady
Hell, I treat 'em all like hoes, see I pimped 'em
Bitch never had my money, so I never whipped 'em
See all the playas came and all the playas went
A playa ain't a gangsta but a playa can handle his shit bitch
You need to git up, git out, git somethin
Smoke out, cuz it's all about money, money, money
Yeah I said it, a nigga sportin plats and a Braves hat
I hang with Rico Wade cuz the Dungeon is where the funk's at, boy
I'm true to Organized, cuz they raised me
I'm also down with LaFace cuz L.A. Reid, yeah, he pays me
And it's cool
Yeah, real cool, get paid, fat pocks and all that other fat shit like
That, ha-ha

[chorus]

[Big Gipp:]
Alot of people in my past tried to do me, screw me
Throw me over in the fire, let me get chunky in charge
Like a piece of one of your spirits, got the mutants mind
I'm gettin paranoid and steady lookin for the time
It's eight in the mornin and ain't nobody up yet
I got my long johns, get my coat and throw on my ball cap
I'm headed out the door, to get off in my ride
I'm diggin through the ash tray, hopin to have a good day
I had Jamaica's best and when I light it up, I hear a voice in my head
(You got to git up, git out and git somethin)
Now I know it's on, my day is finally started
Back up in my crib, eat my shit, break out quick, in my slick
'84 Se-dun-Deville, steady bouncin out the point to Camerton Road
The valley of the Southside flow
Everybody know about that killa that we call blow, so
Keep your eyes peeled for the 'cover unit
Cuz they know we're jumpin out a black Chevy truck and want trues to fall
Here come the Red Dogs, I'm bustin out around the corner in my hog
Dippin from the area, I'm scared
So one of these bitches might wind up dead
Cuz I have no time for bail. Fuck Clampett cops. Fuck Elgin Bail
And crooked ass Jackson, got the whole country
Thinkin that my city is the big lick for 96
94, Big Gipp, Goodie Mo, Outkast, a vision from the past
Hootie Hoo...my white owls are burnin kinda slow

[chorus]

[Dre:]
Y'all tellin me that I need to get out and vote, huh. Why?
Ain't nobody black runnin but crackers, so, why I got to register?
I thinkin of better shit to do with my time
Never smelled aroma of diploma, but I write the deep ass rhymes
So let me take ya way, back to when a nigga stayed in Southwest Atlanta,
Y'all could not tell me nuthin, thought I hit that bottom rock
At age 13, start workin at the loadin dock
They layin my mama off of work, General Motors trippin
But I come home bank like Hank, from hittin and dippin
Doin dumb shit, not knowin what a nigga know now
Yeah, that petty shit will have you cased up and locked down
I dips, over to East Point, still actin a fool
Wastin my time in the school, I'd rather be shootin pool
Cool is how I played the tenth grade
I thought it was all about mackin hoes and wearin pimp fade
Instead of bein in class, I'd rather be up in some ass
Not, thinkin about them six courses that I need to pass
Graduation rolled around like rolly-pollies
Damn, that's fucked up. I shoulda listened when my mama told me
That, if you play now, you gonna suffer later
Figured she was talkin yin-yang, so I payed her no attention
And kept missin the point she tried to poke me with
The doper that I get, the more I'm feelin broke and shit
Huh, but that don't matter though, I am an O-UT-KAST
So get up off your ass

[chorus:]
You need to...[4X]
God, Come in God
God come in God
Damn you’re a girl
Wow
I guess the reason I’m talking to you tonight is
Cause I’ve been doing a lot of thinking and
And I consider myself a pretty cool guy
And I never cheated on any of my girlfriends
Well, except that one time in Japan
But that was just for head and head don’t count right
Thanks God I knew you’d understand
Well, I just feel like
Well to be honest with you
God I just need a sweet bitch

You know somebody no to, not too fast but not too slow
Cause I don’t have it all to do it my damn self
And life aint easy
You know I just want somebody by your side to help smooth
That thang out you know what I’m talking about
And at this point
I mean I’m not being picky
She don’t even have to a big ol’ ass you know
Just something well proportioned to her body
You know a nice little tail you know
What you say you, you say you found somebody
Is she cute? So when do I get to met her?
Awww, God you are the greatest
Well, I guess I’ll talk to you later Amen oh I’m sorry,
I’m sorry Alady
[Switching on and off between Andre "3000" and "Bentley Farnsworth"]
[Andre]
Ahhh, such sweet sound
The Fiddler on the Fuckin' Roof
Is that Mr. Bentley Fonzworth?

[Bentley Farnsworth]
Indeed it is Sir

Good day, good sir
How do you do? Look fine

[Bentley Farnsworth]
Fantastically well
I am certainly not fine by far
But you could say
I'm close to spectacular

[Andre]
Close to spectacular? How so?

[Bentley Farnsworth]
Open your eyes
Spectacular's right in front of you

[Andre]
Whatever you say... your spectacular

[Bentley Farnsworth]
No I'm fantastically well

[Andre]
Come on man make up your mind
A minute ago you said you were fine

[Bentley Farnsworth]
No I said I'm close to spectacular
But I'm meeting fine in a minute

[Andre]
Close to spectacular?
You said you were fantastically well

[Bentley Farnsworth]
Exaxtly

[Andre]
Exactly?? Which one are you?
Close to spectacular or Fantastically well?

[Bentley Farnsworth]
I am certainly and without a doubt
Fantastically well and was close to Spectacular but I must say good sir
You just pissed spectacular off
And don't even mention exactly...
But here comes fine right now

[Andre]
Oh lord, she is fine

[Woman] Gentlemen

[Bentley Farnsworth] Behold

[together] A lady
[Intro: Andre 3000]
My name is Cupid Valentino, the modern day Cupid
And I just want to say one thing

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day
Every day the 14th!
I don't think y'all heard me!
I just wanna say Happy Valentine's Day!
Every day the 14th!
Can y'all dig that?
Now when arrows don't penetrate, see
Cupid grabs the pistol (Uh, yeah, now, now lookie here!)
And he shoots straight for your heart
And when he won't miss you!
That's alright 'cause y'all won't believe in me anyways
But..

[Hook: Joi & "Skreechy Peachy" (Andre 3000)]
Ya won't believe in me, but you would fancy
leprechauns or groundhogs
No thank you, Easter Bunny!
(There's all this talk about Santa Claus, but see
love will rule reign supreme)

[Verse 2: Andre 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day
Every day the 14th! (You got it!)
When Cupid knocks at your door
You can't ignore me!
There's no need to run!
So, Happy Valentine's Day (Hey!)
Every day the 14th!
I may have it all wrong, see
If you know what loves mean, well
Well, somebody tell me!
'Cuz they just don't believe in me!

[Hook: Joi & "Skreechy Peachy" (Andre 3000)]
Ya' won't believe in me, but you would fancy
leprechauns or groundhogs
No thank you, Easter Bunny!
(There's so much fuss about Santa Claus, but see
Cupid will not be defeated!)

[Verse 3: Andre 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day
Every day the 14th!
Now I know your hearts have grown cold
And that bothers me
Now I understand 'cause I use to be a bad boy in my day
I know you're trying to protect your lil' feelings
but you can't run away
Oooh ooh!

[Hook: Joi & "Skreechy Peachy" (Andre 3000)]
Ya' won't believe in me, but you would fancy..
(Hey! Don't you supposed to be some kind of player or something?)
Bunny!

[Talking: Andre 3000]
Well keep on runnin', player
'Cause I got my good shoes on
And I got 'em tied up tight
So, you're going to find out tonightttttttttt!

[Verse 4: Andre 3000]
Got a sweet lil' darling back in my corner
Below I know I love her, but act like I don't want her
Surrounded by the lonely, but yet feel like a loner
Could be an organ donor
The way I give up my heart, but
Never know because - shit, I never tell her!
Ask me about my feelings I'd holla' that it's irrela'
I don't get myself caught up in the Jello gella'
And puddin' pops, that others opt to call falling in love, but
For the record, have you ever rode a horse?
Would I like for you to take me to Pluto?
I said, "Of course!"
But if you ain't a sweety indeedy, I won't endorse
Hans Solo till I'm hit by the bullet, so may the force
Be with you, and I'll hit you when better time permits
For now, give me examples of why you're the shit!
But how am I to know with the profession that I'm in?
And if you do not know me, then how could you be my friend?

[Chorus: Andre 3000, Joi, and "Skreechy Peachy"]
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day, Happy Valentine's Day

[Continue Chorus until fade]
[Intro: André 3000]
One, two, three, uh!

[Verse 1: André 3000]
My baby don't mess around
Because she loves me so, and this I know for sure (Uh)
But does she really wanna
But can't stand to see me walk out the door? (Ah)
Don't try to fight the feeling
'Cause the thought alone is killing me right now (Uh)
Thank God for Mom and Dad
For sticking two together 'cause we don't know how (C'mon)

[Chorus: André 3000]
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Hey ya! Hey ya!

[Verse 2: André 3000]
You think you've got it, oh, you think you've got it
But "got it" just don't get it 'til there's nothing at all (Ah!)
We get together, oh, we get together
But separate's always better when there's feelings involved (Ah)
If what they say is, "Nothing is forever"
Then what makes, then what makes, then what makes
Then what makes, what makes, what makes love the exception?
So why oh, why oh, why oh, why oh, why oh
Are we so in denial when we know we're not happy here?
Y'all don't wanna hear me, you just wanna dance

[Chorus: André 3000]
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Don't want to meet your daddy
Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Just want you in my Caddy (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Don't want to meet your mama (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Just want to make you cum-a' (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
I'm, I'm, I'm just being honest (Uh-oh)
Hey ya!
I'm just being honest

[Bridge 1: André 3000]
Hey, all right now, all right now, fellas (Yeah?)
Now, what's cooler than being cool? (Ice Cold!)
I can't hear ya
I say what's, what's cooler than being cool? (Ice Cold!)
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right
Okay now, ladies (Yeah?)
Now, we gon' break this thing down in just a few seconds
Now, don't have me break this thing down for nothing
Now, I want to see y'all on your baddest behavior
Lend me some sugar, I am your neighbor
Ah, here we go!

[Refrain: André 3000]
Shake it, sh-shake it, shake it, sh-shake it (Uh-oh)
Shake it, sh-shake it, shake it, shake it, sh-shake it (Uh-oh)
Shake it like a Polaroid picture, hey ya!
Shake it, sh-shake it, shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, shake it (Okay), shake it, sugar
Shake it like a Polaroid picture

[Bridge 2: André 3000]
Now, all the Beyoncés and Lucy Lius
And baby dolls, get on the floor (Get on the floor)
You know what to do, oh, you know what to do
You know what to do

[Chorus: André 3000]
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh, hey ya!)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Oh, oh, uh-oh)
Hey ya! (Uh-oh) Hey ya! (Uh-oh)
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Life
Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Yeah yeah uh
Been always told to keep my head up
But three shakes just don't cut the cake when your necktie from bobbing
Life's a stage, street's the cage
We dungeon rats Outkast and Goodie Mobbin

Enough of the petite talk, I'd rather have a nigga with a perm
Ain't got to have punk, on my side than a nigga who frontin'
To another nigga's interpretation of god-stuntin'
[Unverified], why both a president'll be a swat guy

That's like choosing which bullet you gon' get shot by
A drank and some hot fries
Slowly eating me up from inside to outside
Well you gon' die anyway, right? Wrong

I plan to live forever, I know it seems mighty long
If you think about it in Earth terms
Thank God, we on the TV what we let like earthworms
Stay underground like [unverified] or Dig Dug

Only come above to shake hands and give hugs
Lay your beautiful body down on this fur rug
You got to give a damn if you do not give a fuck, ha
Rack 'em up 'cuz we bustin'

Once was the nigga in the back of the class
Who never said nothing
His thought became an amplifier
I live for inspiration, for without that, I will die
(Go)

Here the bomb jam now can you dig it?
Don't stop and uh don't quit 'cuz uh
We own that high school shit and uh
You know that uh we spit it
Here the bomb jam now can you dig it?

Don't stop and uh don't quit 'cuz uh
We own that high school shit and uh
You know that uh we spit it
Here the bomb jam now can you dig it?

Got issues on my mind like a fool from Columbine
Will I swallow my pride or take that ride?
Better think before my cock get slide and take a dive
Into this hot pit like ball of grease

Stand alone on my own ten toes against foes
It's a snowstorm and you outside gettin' cold
Luck has struck one buck for seven every roll
Throwin' snake eyes thinkin' a nigga gon' fold

Stand down like four black vogues on goes
Snatchin' all the dough and leavin' y'all broke
Going all out for an A plus in class
I bust ass walkin' barefoot over broken glass

Now who gon' pass player? You won't last
See we all in the race just taking up space
If we's on the other side of the track grab the straps
Thought y'all knew wild off runnin' past
So who you think you foolin'? We can get to dueling
On some old school shit, like we high schoolin'

There he is
Get him
(Don't run, don't run)
Yeah sucker, what'cha gon' do now?
What'cha gon' do now sucker?

Don't stop and uh don't quit 'cuz uh
We own that high school shit and uh
You know that uh we spit it
Here the bomb jam now can you dig it?

Don't stop and uh don't quit 'cuz uh
We own that high school shit and uh
You know that uh we spit it
Here the bomb jam now can you dig it?

Let me walk you little kiddies through my school days
Sunday night I hit a party, missed a Monday, I'll go Tuesday
Doomsday, homeroom was lookin' beauty
The girl I wanna cut is absent but I see a cutie

But bump a flirt, I need to be doin' this homework to graduate
Saturate my body and memory on some algebrate
Bro, why you holdin' and totin' that's to assassinate
Go masturbate you jack-off, nigga take the hat off

I'm a third year freshman, I started with the best of them
But now them niggas done passed me, I'm just a baby daddy
O.G. Original Goofball, and I used to slang the hard heart
And smoke the soft softball saw through the way-hall

Niggas up in the school, they know my name, look
But that's because my face is in like eight different yearbooks
Could've been took the S.A.T. but the streets got the best of me
Thinkin' and drinkin' and bankin' open while like sesame

All tellin' me to chill out
(Chill out)
Before you be a drop out
(Chill out)
Or cop out, is when you're thirty-something
At your mom's house, yeah

Don't stop and uh don't quit 'cuz uh
We own that high school shit and uh
You know that uh we spit it
Here the bomb jam now can you dig it?
Hold on, be strong
Hold on, be strong
Hold on, be strong
Hold on, be strong
[Big Boi:]
Hootie Hoo
Follow the funk from the skunk and the dank that is crunk in the dungeon
It goes on and on and on, like that
Goin out to the Jeeps and hoes in the 'Lac
Ah suki, suki
All day and day, any day, every damn day
I be thinkin about the good ol' days when I was a whippersnapper
Used to try to get a kiss, but now it be them draws I'm after
I'm just a Southernplayalistic pimp
I used to slang a fat rock, but now I'm servin hemp
I never even smoke that crumba crap but yo, I'm dope
But doper than a junky or a pooky cuz it's on
So each one, teach one, I be claimin true
Two weeks born in College Park and the things I used to do
Around ATL, home of the pimps and the money makers
Club niggaz, Magic City and them Southern playas
I never said I was a gangsta but I will do ya
So Hallelujah, Hallelujah
One for the playas at the crib, dank and dranks
And two is for the sound, Hootie Hoo that I make

[chorus:]
Hootie Hoo
Tight like always, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)
Yeah, Hootie Hoo
Big Boi on the left, Andre's on my right
Tight like always, smoked out always (Hootie Hoo)

[Dre:]
Now playin these bitches is my favorite sport
But ain't no game when they be callin your name in the court
Oh, it's Saturday night, I guess that makes it alright
Got an obese twenty sack, fully packed, it's so tight
That it's bustin out the seems, yes sir, I'm set
Oh, but let me tuck the 380 before I jet
Hops off in the Lac with Big Gipp, you got a light (Hootie Hoo)
Communication device off when I writes
Should I answer the call, yes, I'm mackin 'em all
We met 'em up in the mall, recall Player's Ball
Well, it's Player's Ball 2, so I guess I'll call you
Later on, and then your whole crew can fall through
Now later on done got here
I takes a peek, now let me see, what do we got here?
Draws, fallin down like niggaz in a drive-by
I got up in them hoes and I told 'em bye bye
About two weeks later, she called me with some bullshit
Talkin 'bout her period late, guess what I did
Click
Naw, it couldn't be me. Not me

[chorus (2X)]

[Big Boi:]
Uh, well you know we gettin blizzard cuz we got that chicken gizzard
In the dungeon and scope but some of you niggaz can't cope with it
So, Opie, hip hop, to the front, to the back and it don't stop
From the streets of ATL to the slums of College Park
So got on Martino, it's Outkast for the 94 era
You heard the player's call, we takin it to another level
So 'lujah, Halle, let me get a swallow of that Martel
And you may go to hell

[Dre:]
Set sail with a nigga from ATL, Southwest that is
It's that Southern ses in your chest that is
One mo' gen for my friend who don't take
No bullshit from no bitch who is stank
I ain't the sugar daddy nigga who will make you
Silly of you to think that I would, but I will lay you
Down like some bo-los, you can throw those
Head, til I'm dead, yes, it's now your broke hoes
Don't get me wrong to disrespect is not my shit
But if you fall in this category, then youse a bitch

[chorus (4X)]
I stank I can, I stank I can
The funky engine that could
Yowsky, wowsky, pisky, wisky
All aboard the Stankonia Express

The underground smell road
Everybody's lookin' for an excuse to let loose
What's your locomotive
The chatta nigga choo choo?

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

Back on the microphone, your number one controller
I rock the microphone like a blizzard, I'm so cold I'm tryin' to hold ya
Life is like a great big roller coaster
Everything in life don't happen like it's suppose to

Trials and tribulations make you stronger, live longer
You wanna reach the nation nigga? Start from ya corner
Everything don't always happen like you planned it
Demand it, over stand it then you handle it

Fuck wishing, you missing the ambition on your mission
Now you switching, why you quitting 'cause it's heated in the kitchen?
Stop ya slipping and ya pimping nigga
You either pistol whoop the nigga or you choke the trigger

You've got to follow through, struggle to complete your dreams
No weapon formed against prospers 54:17
From Isaiah lay a nigga down and spray 'em
If the dealer dealt a fucked up hand of cards you've gotta play 'em

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

Yeah, too democratic, republic fuck it
We chicken nugget, we dip in the sauce like mop and bucket
Blue-collar scholars, who'll take your dollar and wipe my ass wit it
You livin' for the lotto never hit it

I met a critic, I made her shit her drawers
She said she thought hip-hop was only guns and alcohol
I said, "Oh hell naw!" But yet it's that too
You can't discrimi-hate 'cause you done read a book or two

What if I looked at you in a microscope, saw all the dirty organisms
Living in your closet would I stop and would I pause it?
To put that bitch in slower motion, got the potion and the antidote
And a quote for collision the decision

Do you wanna live or wanna exist?
The game changes every day so obsolete is the fist and marches
Speeches only reaches those who already know about it
This is how we go about it

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

I'm wild just like a rock, a stone, a tree
I'm free just like the wind the breeze that blows
And I flow just like a brook, a stream, the rain
And I fly just like a bird up in the sky

And I'll surely die just like a flower plucked
And dragged away is thrown away and then one day it turns to clay
It blows away, it finds a ray, it finds its way
And there it lays until the rain and sun

Then I breathe just like the wind the breeze that blows
And I grow, just like a baby breastfeeding
It's beautiful, that's life and that's life
And that's life and that's life

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've got to re-route my dreams

Humble as a mumble in the jungles
Of shouts and screams
That's the way the cracker crumbles
So I guess I've gotta re-route my dreams
Y'all can't harm me, it's over
[Sleepy Brown]
This is dedicated to the lover (to the lover)
In you... In you... In you
I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait

[Zwrotka 1: Andre 3000]
Leather in the summer, silk in the winter
This is such an art, where do I begin uh..
Used to sing tenor, in the church choir
Really I was flexin', but the girls they were fine
I'm the type of guy that notice subtle signs
When I cuddle mine, she ain't even tryin
To look sexy, but even if she was so what
Mother fucker grow up, don't mean to be so abrupt
But that lets me, know that she's a human being
And being human's hard, on the boulevard
Girl you got it bad, glad I'm not one
But yet you got it good, you are the hot one
But I'm Andre, Benjamin Andre to be exact
You hoped to meet a gentleman one day, well this is that
In fact, Dookie introduced us at a show
About a year or so ago, I don't know, mind slips me
I'm in the southern states, you know where all the pimps be
Dressin all boogey and carryin' ugly cups
And yes you're getting booed if your shit does not get down
And yes you're getting sued by women who didn't get up
Out their seat on the bus, and feet shouldn't rust
And beat is a must, and we shouldn't lust
But we do, I'm laughin' at the calendars and clocks
Ascot to match the socks, what's in your +Speakerboxxx+
+Pink and Blue+, you're lolly gaggin, you're slow pokin
You got me open, you're playin wit me, darlin I'm not a toy
As if Anita Baker bring's the joy, you're kinder, the Tyner meanin the real McCoy
I can't wait..

[Sleepy Brown]
I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait

Ooo baby, come on
Got plans tonight (plans tonight 4x)
Anticipated, the love and I'm gone get it
Till the mornin light (mornin light 4x)
Come on baby

I can't wait (the way you love me)
I can't wait (the way you touch me)
I can't wait (I can feel it)
I can't wait (all over me)
I can't wait (come on baby)
I can't wait (please come home)
I can't wait (tonight)
I can't wait (whoo)

For your time, you're so fine
You're always on my mind
Cuz baby I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait
I'm so glad I found you
I just wanna be around you
I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait

Ooo its been too long now baby
Lets seize the night (seize the night 4x)
Cuz I'm gonna take you on a journey
Enjoy the ride (enjoy the ride 4x) enjoy the ride
Up and down (ooo baby!)
Up and down (whoo lady!)
Round and round (take it..)
Round and round (whoo)

For your time, you're so fine
You're always on my mind
Cuz baby I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait
I'm so glad I found you
I just wanna be around you
I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait

This is dedicated to the lover (to the lover)
In you... In you... In you

This is dedicated to the lover (to the lover)
In you... In you... In you

[Zwrotka 2: Big Boi]
Sir Lucious is the real deal, but even he gets ancy
Some honeys try to +Kill Bill+ beneath the underpants see
But patience is a virtue, being anxious just might hurt you
Like Mike Vick returning to the line of scrimmage too soon
A line of nigga's tryin' get in *VISIONS* on a full moon
Should I play it cool, or be the one to make the first move?
Anticipatin, and contemplatin, she got you sprung dude
Shit, I'm fittin to get her might emit her, what you gone do? (wha?)
I tell you what, we wont be fallin for that one, two
Just kinky sex up off in the boom boom if she want to
And if she don't, then I'll dial another date
That means find another face to replace, cuz I can't wait

[Sleepy Brown]
This is dedicated to the lover (to the lover)
In you... In you... In you
I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait

This is dedicated to the lover (to the lover)
In you... In you... In you
I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait, no can't wait
[Chorus]
Do-doo-do-do Do-doo-do-do
Do-doo-do-do Do-doo-do-do

[Verse 1]
People don't you worry bout me
Evil don't get buried by me
Well, I'm gonna shoot out this lil town
Soon as I do it I'm gon get down
Come on, Come on

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Mama dont you worry bout me
Papa dont you worry bout me
I live a life but it just ain't mine
Know I'm a your sun won't you let me shine
Come on, come on

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Sally don't you worry bout me
Sally don't you worry bout me
Don't worry bout me I'll be fine
Well that's what I tell 'em but I'm lying
Come on, all people come on

[Andre talking]
Yall know bout the blues don't you
Everybody get the blues
Even babies get the blues

[Hook]
Some call it baby blue
Some call it midnight blue
Some call it baby blue
Whatever hue is what we gonna do
We gonna play until you feel happy
Till there ain't no more blues

[Andre talking]
Idlewild
Be there
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
People... Don' 'Chu Worry 'Bout Me
Evil... Gon' Get Buried By Me
Well... I'm Gonna Choo Choo Outa This Lil' Town
And... Soon As I Do It I'mma Get Down
Come On
Ah Ah Ah Come On
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
Mama... Don't 'Chu Worry 'Bout Me
Papa... Don't 'Chu Worry 'Bout Me
Well... I Live A Life But It Just Aint Mine
I... Know I'm Your Son Won't 'Cha Let Me Shine
Come On
Ah Ah Ah Come On
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
Sally(Sally)... Don't 'Chu Worry 'Bout
Me(Don't 'Chu Worry)
Wooah Sally(Sally)... Don't 'Chu Worry 'Bout Me(Don't 'Chu Worry About Me)
Don't Worry 'Bout Me
I'll Be Fine Well...
That's What I Tell 'Em Baby
But I'm Liein'
Come On
Ah People Come On
Y'all Know 'Bout The Blue Don't 'Cha?
Everybody Gets The Blues
Even Babies Get The Blues
Some Call It Baby Blue
Some Call It Midnight Blue
Some Call It Navy Blue
Whatever You Do Is What We Gonna Do
We Gone Play Until You Feel Happy
'Til There Ain't No More Boo hoo's
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
Doo Dooodo Doo
Doo Dooodo
Yo I wanna be witchoo, whatever you need me to do I can stop by the sto' and get ya auntie some cigarettes, knowha I'm sayin' I getcha momma wig off layaway, whatever ya need
Ya little sista need some mac-donal's... order a fries hot, know i'm sayin', whatever I gotta do to come over there I'm doin' it, know I'm sayin' I'm just here to be wichoo baby, whatever you need, I'll probably do it
I wanna be witchoo bad
Like juicy lookin' like pissin' on a hot stove, I wanna be witchoo baby
Just hang out like wet clothes whateva you wanna do
Well lemme tell ya, I wanna get witchoo baby, you know mean?
I gotta bake you a pie stand on the corner widda bowtie whatever it take to get witcha
I wanna be witcha
I can't marry you but I, I show up at the parkin' lot of the church but I ain't comin' in
I just wanna be witcha tho
[Verse One: Andre]

Yeah
Oh yes I love her like Egyptian, want a description, my royal highness
So many plusses when I bust that there can't be no minus
Went from yellin crickets and crows, bitches and hoes to queen thangs
Over the years I been up on my toes and yes I seen thangs
like Kilroy, chill boi because them folks might think you soft
talkin like that, man fuck them niggaz I'm goin off
and comin right back, like boomerangs when you throw em
With these old ghetto poems, Bankhead is better for em
When they can let they throw em, down from hitchikin and bitin niggaz
until the temple they call the body, now everybody got it
Had it, talked about it amongst they friends
Comin around my crew lookin Jazzy, wanna pretend
like you Ms. Goodie, Four-Shoes, even Bo knew, that you got poked
like accupuncture patients while our nation is a boat
Straight sinkin, I hate thinkin that these the future mommas
of our chillun, they fuckin a different nigga every time
they get the feelin to, I'm willin to go the extra kilo-meter
just to see my senorita get her pillow
on the side of my bed where no good ever stay
House and doctor was the games we used to play
but now it's real Jazzy Belle...

[Verse Two: Big Boi]

See what if you was a playa real playa not no slouch
Havin the very best of life lots of steak and Perignon
Smokin an ounce of weed yeah every single day was personal FreakNik
Freakin these hoes in Polo clothes life as you conceived it
but your conception, deception, lookin into your watch I see
you weapon and it's depressin, they're diggin up in your thighs
leavin deposits keep your closets open not your boots and drawers
Hopin to get you sprung like bell-bottoms, steadily callin me Antwan
cause you thinkin that you my lady bitch don't play me cause you're chanky
I wanted to hit that ass but me and the Goodie we got danky
So thank thee, you runnin that Southerplayalistic game
You was the only one to blame, a nigga don't even know yo' name
it's a shame, you crackin em up and fuckin a nigga like Tupac up
I'm leavin these foes to be the flowers and wake don't get me see
I gotta be feedin my daughter, teach her to be that Natural Woman
Cause you'll be Waiting to Exhale while you other hoes be
Dumb and Dumber, yeah you know what I'm sayin?

[Verse Three: Andre, Big Boi]

One two, yessss, ummkay, check this out right here now
See me ain't no good, in the black on black 'Llac no star
Windows are tinted so that no one knows who us are
Talk bad about her nigga guaranteed to snap like bra
Strap stickin together like grandma and grandpa-pa
In this dog eat dog world, kitty cats be scratchin on my
furry coat to curl, up with me and my bowl of kibbles and bits
I want to earl, cause most of the girls that we was likin
in high school, now they dykein *laughin*

Havin no mercy for the disrespect-ful ones, some
be hangin around the crew lookin for funds, dumb
deaf and fine, they be, askin me all about mine
How she doin how she be, I know she's sippin that wine
behind my back they skwak like vultures
Off and On like Trendz of Cultures baby
hey he, fakin it like these sculptured, nails
But they can go to hell and lay with Lucifer
Cause they burnin anyway, Big Boi user and abuser
[Hook]
Brothers on the block knowing
(from this point on it only gets rougher!)
Sisters at the crib knowing
(from this point on it only gets rougher!)
Preachers at the church knowing, we still get by
(from this point on it only gets rougher!)
Teachers at the school knowing
(from this point on it only gets rougher!)
Babies on the bottle knowing
(from this point on it only gets rougher!)
Junkies on the corner knowing, but still get high
(from this point on it only gets rougher!)

[Big Boi]
Well here's a formal introduction
Something to make you ponder
The situation's ugly, like "In Living Color"'s Wanda (word up!)
Well everybody play dumb, but there's some that succumb
And fall victim, I will overcome any hurdle or obstacle that's in my path
Fast cash should be the last resort so make it last for the risk you took
Trick, you shook your ass for some hundred dollar heels and a designer bag
Now that's ass backwards
All you got in the refrigertator is bratwurst
Your stomach is balled in a knot, you got that phat purse
Pocketbook, stop and look, pockets look void
Destroyed by the need to indulge and enjoy the finer things in life right?
Your dignity, your only sacrifice, slim as your chances of being somebody's wife
They seeing ya butt, booty naked every night, ain't nothing right or wrong!

[Hook]

[Big Boi]
Even though things started falling apart
Wanda went and bought a Honda
Now she's out of a job, she would slob on a knob
For a little less than a yard, a massage you could drill her like a sarge
She would charge and rob
Pick through yo' pockets
She got the tricks watcha nd the silver locket
That he bought for his wife but Wanda left her license
On the night stand fuckin' with this white man
She met in a little red Corvette paid for sex
Made a deal that she would never forget you can bet
Every action has a positive and equal reaction
Therefore everything that goes around comes around in that fashion
Fast and furiously, the was a knock on the sliding glass door (bitch, it's me!)
You thought you was slick the way you hit me for that lick
But you slipped now I'm getting in your shit!!!!

[Hook]
Hook : Mello] (Lil' Jon & The East Side Boys)
Tell them niggas that be holdin' the wall: (FUCK Y'ALL!!)
Hit the flow start shakin' it all (YES Y'ALL)
What we drinking, no we drinking it all (EH)
We gon do it 'til we can't or we fall, Last call
Tell them mothafuckas holding the wall: (FUCK Y'ALL!!)
Hit the flow start shaking it all (YES Y'ALL)
What we drinking, no we drinking it all (EH)
We gon do it 'til we can't or we fall, Last call

[Verse 1 : Mello]
Now look here
I'm gon' hit da club man, I'm gon' get some love
I'm the coolest nigga ain't gon' spend more than a dub
I'm gon' tell that broad and her chicken head friend
No Ferrari, no Jag, no Bentley, or a Benz
Might just play the wall with this mean look on my grill
Act like I'm da hater, the Haitian from Hateville
I remember her, act like she don't remember me
When I was Cadillac'n, Coupe Deville'in, and chickenhead drillin'

[Hook]

[Verse 2 : Big Boi]
I'm gon' get that fresh-fly fade and then I'm gon' get laid
Like some finger-waves on pay day, my lady, you gon' get paid
Making a early morning serenade for you to start your day
Or the sound of a starter pistol fired close to where you lay
Last call for alcohol, make a fast call for the hay
The [dirty dot?] has informed me the drought has ended today
With no delay
And a, four piece grizzle we on our way
For a brief stay in a sweet place for a petite face to lay

[Hook]

[Verse 3 : Slimm Calhoun]
Them boys so wild, don't crack no smile
Closet like the Wild Kingdom: fox, minks, and crocodiles
Popped tops and what we drink, so sit back for a while
Matter a fact, light that, and I'll be right back
They want a couple more bottles I got something for 'em to swallow
Anybody ever told you you look like a model?
You know the story, she bit the hook, line, and follow
Got my hooks in the back and I'm a grind until tomorrow
They call me Mack Rapalicious, and when I bubble
I blow trouble up, in your ear
They call me Mack Rapalicicious, and when I bubble
It's, trouble all up in you, hear?

[Hook]

[Verse 4 : Mello]
Yes, I know what excite them hoes
Me cold reptilian feet, bite them hoes
Got a partner, oh his mind sick
He say he loved this ol' coke-strung-out stripper bitch
Why he so dumb?
I'm so pimp it's ridiculous
Got tinted windows on my ride I'm inconspicuous
Run with this pretty thang
She ain't yours you wish she was
We don't stop, it's so repeated and continuous
Mello Capone, Don Huggy Bear
Pokey the fuckin' pimpolous, ain't that cute slick em, out their draws I'm so infamous
Dead serious
From the club, to the caddy, to the Holiday Inn
From the dusk til' the dawn we gon' do it again

[Hook]
[Verse 1]
N-n-n-not too far but long ago
When life was straight up and cars would move slow
When you were cool if you were pigeon-toed
But things have changed (it ain't so simple)
Now life is a musical

I called Big Boi on the telephone
I said "hey hold up 'fore we put out another song"
Say no matter what goes down we stand strong
Cause ain't nothin changed (it's simple)
Now let's make a musical

Based on big infaction
No words like such grow in some action
And you got us well to a fraction
Cause things have changed (it's all hood)
The Kast go Hollywood

[Chrous]
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Change us change us
Change us change us
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Change us change us
Change us change us
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Change us change us
Change us change us
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Don't let 'em don't let 'em
Don't let 'em don't let 'em

Don't [echoes]

[music to fade]
Everybody needs a glass of water today
To chase the hate away
You know you've got company comin over
So you scrub extra-hard
And everybody needs somebody to love
Before its too late
Its too laaaaaaateee oh
Dont nobody wanna grow old alone!

Everybody needs someone to rub their shoulders
And scratch their dandruff
And everybody need to quit actin hard and shit
Before you get your ass whooped (I'll slap the fuck out ya!)
And everybody needs somebody to love
Before its too late
Its too late

Love-hater
Love-hater
Hater of love [repeat 2X]
Love-hater
Love-hater

[whispered]
Everybody needs someone to love [repeat 2X]
[Hook]
Let's kiss, not fight
Try to do whats right tonight
Make love, not war
What the hell are we living for? [repeat]

[Verse]
Tonight we'll make the prettiest song that no one will ever hear
No one will ever hear
No one will ever
These ain't the times to be alone cliche the end is near
Cliche the end is near
Cliche the end is
Quickly approaching while we carry on
No one is promised another day
Why can't the story end like fairytales often do
Before I let you leave I've got to say-ay-ay-ay

[Hook]

[Instrumental]

[Hook]
[Verse 1:]

Revolutionary, scary
Thought provoking, spoken,
Words of a chain I don't feel but I see,
visions from me
at twenty three making us free in my community
one day is what I live for,
ain't thinking about no hope no more
I got my boots I kick it till I get with
Adapt and overcome, oh hum hum
Go get my gun, load up for fun, and put down with the frown
What goes round comes round from M.L.K. to cascade
I know its through them plenty figures
cocaine dealers walk the wrong side
up in they rides,
looking cleaner then I seen them the last time
Then selling dimes, now its quarter keys, stacking G's
In the South Indies
my nigga them folks riding bicycles among vehicles
off in the hood
Knowing each and every nigger sellin', but can you blame
the fact the only way a brother can survive the game
the block hard to get by the dope dealing, fatal killings
in fair times so writing rhymes
it ain't just the police
we kill each other just lost another brother
fast living will get you took,
thinking it can't happen to you and then it do
off crooked schemes its just a dream
floating face down in the mainstream

[Chorus:]

Think it is when it ain't all peaches and cream
that's why some are found floating face down in the main stream

[Verse 2:]

They swan divin'
fit they name be thrashing an album
go-kart rushin' to finish their album then you find them
lost, dog paddling, back stroking, what done happened?
be rhymin' catching the day when the recipe calls for black and
wrong ingredients,
maybe too much herbs and spices,
maybe you got hungry for the wrong dish
southern greens and this entice them how them joke the same
so I'm gonna sing just like them to get where they at
I'll even break my by back to touch their rim if I gotta
My alta mater be that I follow
I bite whatever that's looking tasty, water it down then swallow
I hope you vomit, won't call no names cause that's not my job
it just applies to whom it may concern you know who you are
but if you don't you never will, you just receive the steel
but then it might get ugly cause trust me niggas do feel
the way that I felt when I wrote this, but we must stay in focus
we kings and queens up in this thing, get rid of all them jokers
face down, face down, face down

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]

I let you stay in my crib, now you know where I live
when you was hungry, fed you a hot meal, look at the hand you deal
me crudball business giving niggers inches so here, take a foot
luck only counts in rabbit's feet and horseshoes,
experience is sometimes the best teacher until we get our own plate
I hope you don't mind me eating off of yours,
process momma moping like jerry
meanwhile, fairies of the street tinkling pixie dust over greenery
never to obtain another level of con-science
only to test, to poke and see
why laying here, they scheme over one another mouth to feed
??? with a decision to make, now words shake your destiny
but a missle will take it all the way just as quick as you can say
I wish I never did what I did now face this bid
it was the company you kept, the many places you slept
when you shouldn't have, geeking like a rat, jumping like a trap
contributing to sin and your nigga bitch in the court showing paper thin
got you niggers where they want you again,
floating face down in the mainstream
thats why, thats why, thats why

[Chorus]

[Verse 4:]

Everybody's a player, rubbin them kangols on their head
thinking its all about your clothes, nigger its all about your self
the way you feel about your life, the times that you done shared with
your friends and family, up and down like hoes give head
to dicks oh, six, serving them in the mix, but ain't no mystery
you know the history about this clique bitch
oh, what, you want me to call you slut?
then why you fucking all them niggers letting them all up in your guts
but see that AIDS I'm afraid that's why I play the quiet role
I lay in the cut, every month thinking I'll let that fire roll
like chimneys, and smoke signals, maybe peace pipes even
my partners call me Big Boi and my first name is not Steven
in the mainstream, home team banging them with these hits
in the mix flowing like some motherfucking swordfish

[Chorus x4]
Man y'all play too much
Now now Percival, don't fret
We're here to help you [laughs]
I told you to bring good songs... what are you gonna do now?
Look at the keys... well... you gotta do something
Keep your eyes on the keys... here's looking at you kid [laughs]
Okay okay... well... make up somethin... yeah right
You won't make sense... I don't know lets try it
Here we go [clears throat]

[Chorus]
Makes no sense at all
Makes no sense at all
Makes no sense at all
Makes no sense at all

[Verse 1]
ABC, 123, Do-re-mi, out of key
(you got that right)
Out of touch, out of tune, butterknife, tea spoon
(now what was that)
Razz-a-matazz, Thing-a-majig, whatchamacallit, bullshit
So and so, such and such (bullshit!) pretty much
(I think I'm gonna throw up)

[Chorus]
Makes no sense at all
Makes no sense at all (blah blah blah blah)
Makes no sense at all (blah blah blah blah)
Makes no sense at all (blah blah)

[Verse 2]
1 and 1 makes 2, 2 and 2 makes 4, 4 and 4 makes 8 and 8 makes 16
16 and, 16 makes (32 Percival)
Ahh makes no sense at all
Who needs lyrics anyway (ummm... YOU!)

[Bridge]
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?
How in the hell do we get ourselves in these situations?

[during bridge (bridge continues throughout)]
Hey! Hey little buddy where you going?
Come back man! We was just playin! Come on man!
See I pissed him off

[bridge fades out to piano solo]
[Chorus]
Mighty-I-de-I-de-I (Mighty-I-de-I-de-I)
Ode ode ode oooo (Ode ode ode oooo)
Mighty-I-de-I-de-I (Mighty-I-de-I-de-I)
Ode ode ode oooooo

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
You ain't a hater can't tell
Either wish me well, go to hell or go to Yale
Study human behavior so that you know who the hell
You dealing with ain't nutty but the study going to unvail
My relative in jail (Ha) stay in engaged
To whatever make money now he married to that cage
Divorce is not an option and prenunptial is void
Eat up whatever after but I'm tangled in my cord (hum)
Bored, kind of like a night with the sword
Without dragon to battle so I'm running from a shadow
An immpossible feat and I repeat
An immpossible feat and I repeat
An immpossible feat and I repeat!
The damsel's in distress but they a mess
They only like my armor, and that I'm a performer
They read one magazine and think that they getting warmer
They only getting colder hell, maybe I should throw
A double diamond party in the north pole
Invite all the writers and journalists
Even biters will turn up us to see who can be me
Better than me it's a permanent, smile on my face
Because you said you don't like my style
But that's ok just make sure you don't touch that dial
And we'll be cool, touch it and you's a fool
Look, I'll get you hooked, y'all crooks might even move
To Atlanta, Georgia, get a wife and daughter
Start a new life, and all that wrong you do you make it right
But hell, all a dream I wear the crown I'm king
Respect is mandatory end of the story go fly a kite
Category ain't got none you know I'm right

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Congratulations I'm a player
I thought you were one too but now I hear you loud and clear
Subliminal, criminal minded niggaz so be aware
Black dog broke out the pits and told yo` ass it's a bite a tear
Intimid by anyone filling out this application
And estimate is needed for your under estimation
I'm firing on the spot go back and check your calculation
Like a sniper in the bushes with that rifle ammunition
Waiting, now that's a virtue
Cause pussy nigga, I'll hurt you
Like the president's approval rating by serving your ass with words fool
Slam yo' back to the curve bruh like sanitation worker
Cause you're trash I'm taking out the trash and all trash
Get mashed and compacted because it's no longer valid
Go head recyled, repackaged and put it back in my cabinet
Boy thats germs, I'm fresh up out the store every time
That nigga that B-I-G go hard every rhyme
Crowns all around I'm right after Martin Luther
No J R period senior 'cause Bamboo is Antwone Junior
Dungeon Family and biologicals intact
Talk bad about the fam test diabolical attack
No gats or no raps, you get slapped about that
As a matter of fact, not fiction
Rumpelskiltsken you wack
Decipher words is like the Code of Da Vinci
Don't go against me, (Hey)
I want you to go out there and kill them marks boy is you with me
Mighty ighty ighty ighty ighty ighty O
The worse thing since Crack/Cocaine distributed to the poor
By the government, oh I meant, don't nobody know
Conspiracy theory, you be the judge, nobodys slow

[Chorus]
[Dre]
Me and everything around me, is unstable like Chernobyl
Ready to go at any moment, jumpin like a pogo stick
I never lived up to my expectations, so I accept the patience
Expect the worse but now I'm pacin
Back and forth, inside, I'm melting like water on wicked bitches
A monster truck done came and ran over my picket fences
I had the best of life in my clinches but monkey wrenches was thrown
Like chairs kings sit on, my prayers seem to long
I fall asleep before the endin, don't even get to say Amen
I hope He understand I be on bended knees
At times, I think I'm crazy, so I say forget it
Or maybe it's the devil infiltrating and like Riddick...Bowe
I've been fighting this since them fetus days
I count from one to twenty, when I'm through, repeat the phrase
It's just a phase, it's gon all pass, but that gets old too
I'm weakening like a deacon doin dirt
What am I supposed to do?

[chorus Dre:]
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh uh uh uh uh(Planets and stars)
Uh uh uh uh uh, uh uh uh uh uh uh(Earth, Jupiter, Mars)
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh uh uh uh uh(Hoes, clothes, cars)
Uh uh uh uh uh, uh uh uh uh uh uh(It's who you are)

[Big Boi]
See, from bedknobs to broomsticks, we lookin to start some new shit
I'm writin this rhyme in faith, so when you hear it, hope you true it
My nigga, you do it like swooshes, the lyrical cleanse and new zits
Wipin away your germs up under your cranium with juices
See Mo goes on, my slick flow flows on
Straight from west Savannah, Georgia, but the S.W.A.T.S. is my home
Never go wrong cuz the click is tighter than gnat ass and that bad
Mosquito, now we goes, I'm proud of you peoples
For sellin your cracker sacks, I'm glad I'm white not Black
Shit, on the real, that's how them whiteys really act
When your back was turned, them slackers learned and now we fallin apart
You lookin me in my eye, but you ain't feelin me in your heart
Yes, yes Lord, give me the power within the final hour
These niggaz, they leavin me stranded like Rapunzel in the tower
Now or never, let's stick together and overcome
But they don't feel like marchin, cuz they shoes is overrun
Ain't that a bitch

[chorus]

Planets and stars
Earth, Jupiter, Mars
Hoes, clothes, cars
It's who you are

[chorus]

Planets and stars
Earth, Jupiter, Mars
Hoes, clothes, cars
It's who you are
Whether you like it or not, he's back
D-A-double D-Y Fat Sacks
Ridin' in the Cadillac
Beatin' like some beat it up
The game dun' changed Out-
Kast came to heat it up

Sharp as a tack like I just left church (clean)
Smart than a tack when the windows won't work (mean)
Ridin' in the Cadillac Beatin' like some beat it up
The game dun' changed Out-
Kast came to heat it up

And everybody wanna know whus really goin' on
Is you and 3000 still makin' songs?
So on and so on
I can o-on and o-on
and on,and on,and on
Hell yes!

[CHORUS:]
Music make the world go round
Where it goes (where it goes)
Ya' just don't know (ya just don't know)
My heart is like a marching band
Im a fan in the stands
Yes I am and Im hollerin' hey baby
Sayin hey baby

So baby please dont leave me
Dont you go (dont you go)
Baby no, no, no (baby no, no, no)
My heart is like a marching band
Im a fan in the stands
Yes I am and Im hollerin' hey baby
Sayin hey baby

Two dope boyz in the Cadillac still
'Kast...the crown on ya Cadillac Seville
I'll make your wheels of steel stand (still)
Like your DJ got killed
The fire marsh-
Fire marshall
Shut'er down, time to go!
OutKast royalty by design of logo
Wanna count it out loud?
93, 94, 95, 96
Plus a dime, still thats fire
Hot like teh perm on the back of ya neck
Left it in too long
Now ya got Cabbage Patch Silky
Ridin' the Cadillac
Beatin' like some beatit up
The game dun' changed Out-
Kast cmae to heat it up

Bendin' corners like a crowbar, oh so unique
got the pedal to floor, but the 4 door just creeps

Ridin' in the Cadillac
Beatin like some beat it up
The game dun' changed Out-
Kast came to heat it up

Exotic, melodic melody jep, we got it
Funkin for the funk of it and everybody want it

(ROOF) you make it make it put a dog on it
(ROOF) you make it make it put a dog on it

[CHORUS:]

Im tippin my hat off to ya baby
Cuz youre so fine, blow my mind
I put in the time
Everybody knows you cant let the pretty one past ya by
without sayin' hi

Im so gone over you
Yes it's true
Baby do whatcha you do
My nose is open wide (so wide, yeah)
Lookin' at you such a pretty sight (so wide, yeah)
My heart on my sleeve (my sleeve, yeah)
And this is how it sounds to me (this is how it sounds to me)

[CHORUS:]

Baby you and me
We make a musical masterpiece
I travel the land
Me and my band
We bringin' the church back to ya feet
So wait baby
Dont leave me, baby
Say wait,baby
Dont leave me, baby
[2x]
[Intro: André 3000]
Yeah, this one right here goes out
To all the baby's mamas' mamas
Mamas, mamas, baby mamas' mamas
Yeah, go like this

[Chorus: André 3000]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
My baby a drama mama don't like me
She be doin' things like havin' them boys
Come from her neighborhood to the studio, tryna fight me
She need to get a piece of the American pie and take her bite out
That's my house, I'll disconnect the cable and turn the lights out
And let her know her grandchild is a baby and not a pay check
Private school, daycare, shit, medical bills—I pay that
I love your mom and everything
But see, I ain't the only one who laid down
She wanna rib you up to start a custody war, my lawyers stay down
She never got a chance to hear my side of the story, we was divided
She had fish fries and cookouts for my child's birthday, I ain't invited
Despite it I show her the utmost respect when I fall through
All you, do is defend that lady when I call you, yeah

[Chorus: André 3000]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times

[Bridge: André 3000]
Me and your daughter got a special thang goin' on (We got a special kinda thing)
You say it's puppy love; we say it's full-grown (Arroof)
Hope that we feel this, feel this way forever
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather
Ms. Jackson

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Ten times out of nine, now if I'm lyin', find
The quickest muzzle, throw it on my mouth and I'll decline
King meets queen, then the puppy love thing
Together dream 'bout that crib with the Goodyear swing
On the oak tree, I hope we feel like this forever
Forever, forever ever? Forever ever?
Forever never seems that long until you're grown
And notice that the day-by-day ruler can't be too wrong
Ms. Jackson, my intentions were good, I wish I could
Become a magician to abracadabra all the sadder
Thoughts of me, thoughts of she, thoughts of he
Asking what happened to the feeling that her and me had
I pray so much about it, need some knee pads
It happened for a reason, one can't be mad
So know this, know that everything's cool
And yes, I will be present on the first day of school and graduation

[Chorus: André 3000 & Big Boi]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry (Uh, uh, yeah)
I apologized a trillion times

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
"Look at the way he treats me", shit, look at the way you treat me
You see, your little nosy-ass homegirls done got your ass sent up the creek, G
Without a paddle, you left to straddle and ride this thing on out (Out)
Now you and your girl ain't speakin' no more 'cause my dick all in her mouth (Mouth)
Know what I'm talkin' about?
Jealousy, infidelity, envy, cheating, beating in the year 2G, they be the same thing
So who you placin' the blame on? You keep on singin' the same song
Let bygones be bygones and you can go on and get the hell on, you and your mama

[Chorus: André 3000 & Big Boi]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real (Your mama a bitch)
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ohh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologized a trillion times
[Big Boi]
Time and time again see I be thinking about that future
Back in the day when we slaves up everyone's a cool ass nigga
But now we vultures, slam my nigga back out
To make his ass black out, or even pull your fuking head
To make his whole crew believers, you're harder than a bitch full of dicks
But that don't be sounding like he's shit to me
See now in the ghetto or should I say Lakewood
You better be strapped cuz them niggaz over there just ain't good
Just being a hustla, serving on all your customers
Rent was due on the 1st of the month so I'm hustling
I buy you 50 box of Phillies at the Citgo
And niggaz be wanting drinks and shit from the fuking sto', yo
But that's aight, tho', cuz I be getting paid
And every trip I take, there's a dollar to be made
I'm digging through my pockets for my earnings got you five
Deep, there it is, now it's time to smoke that jive

[Chorus:]
If you smoke a dime, then I'll smoke a dime [2x]

Hey 'Dre, Let 'em know what's up

[Andre]
I've been slipping, slowly but surely
Niggaz I used to hang wit wants to act like they don't know me
Come and listen to my story, I gots alot of shit up on my mind
I wipe the boo-boo from my brain then I finish your behind
Take a number, I caught you in a slumber
I hit you for a lick, I'm in the slammer for the summer
But now it's the fall, I'm having a ball, making my nickels act strong
To my niggaz got to servin when they beep and when they call
I got the Peter Bong and plus that Mary Jane
I'm rolling reefer out of a Regal, how could I refrain
From being rough, from being tough, from being dangerous
I'm hangin wit the P.A. Niggaz, ain't no gankin us
See you can try, if you try, if you don't, you don't
If you wanna battle, it's either that you will or you won't
See that rap shit is really just like selling smoke
If you got some fly shit, yo, niggaz gonna how we tote
Dope, is not what I be slanging on this track
Niggaz don't comprehend that it be deeper that Cadillacs
You know that, right, you bite, you fuked up
You won't be getting away this time, I'm real as hell, so what's up
I rip shit wit pimp shit, I'm flinging it from the south
Talk bad about the A town, I'll bust you in your fuking mouth

[Chorus]
Shit man
Nigga gotta go on the got down
Get the shit straight when I got damn get out
Well shit
This what really goin down

Whassup my nigga another day the same shit
Punk-ass C.O.'s on a nigga dick
Got me up at three o'clock cookin nappy grits
I'm a G from C.P. I can't take the shit
Tryin to hold a nigga down in this country ass town
I'm used to smokin chronic movin pounds
They got a nigga on some "Sir, yessir, left right left"
Throw me in a hole if my ass outta step
They treat you like a motherfuckin slave
Dopefiends, cryin Jesus, swear they saved
Niggaz better get they game tight
Cause these crackers tryin to take a nigga life and they rights
I'm surrounded by fake-ass crooks
They swear they kingpins but don't have money on they books
I hear so many lies it make me sick
These niggaz called ballers sellin dimes and licks
I can't wait til the day they let me go
So I can eat some steak and shrimp
grab a mic, and bust a flow
I'm Audi 5 nigga lights out
Hold it down on the streets until the day that I get out

I'm out man
[Andre 3000]
Want can make a nigga wanna take another nigga life
What can make a nigga wanna do another nigga wife
Life a butter knife
What can make a nigga wanna get his body so high
That can't go to sleep, don't wanna eat
Pray to God that he don't do crack
What can make a nigga wanna cut a beauty queen raw
Feeling every drip drop she can generate imitate seesaws
What can make a nigga wanna fight a whole night club
Figure that he ought to maybe be a pimp simply 'cause he don't like love
What can make a nigga wanna achy, break all rules
In a book when it took a lot to get you hooked up to this volume
What can make a nigga wanna loose all faith in
Anything that he can't feel through his chest wit sensation
Something's gotta give!

Yeah, you know what I'm sayin? Uhh
Herring homes, unh, martel homes, carver homes, tekwood
Martin luther king, bankhead

[Verse One: Big Boi]

Under-cover, over da hills and thru tha woods I go
Like green lights, a southern nigga that's comin fo' yo' throat
But not no guillotine see, we be them southern playas
Remember the football socks, aerobic Reeboks and Decaturs, now
You up to par and ready fo yo lesson
I got an ounce of dank and a couple of drinks so let's crank up a session
Like Tri-City high school, was pullin em in a broke down Rabbit
I spit a couple of words and layin em down was just a habit
Just like smokey, choking off da pee-wee that we rolled up
Talkin about the click will get you laid down hella swoled up
Hootie hoo slapped ya boyz across the cheek wit Isotoners
And went to tell yo momma and yo pop that you was a goner
Tell em Big Boi did it; I swear that nigga be rhymin
Every lyric that he spit be turnin charcoals into Diamonds and Pearls
Girl when you givin up them draws, cause
I got a couple of niggaz down the hall
That wanna hit it too, I'm not the type to be actin selfish
Set it out and let it out and I'll be right back just like Elvis
Cause the postman rings twice...
Hey Mr. Postman....

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

power, power, I come gimme some
tha deadly voice over drums, we from, ATL
put tha SWATS SWATS on yo' car
let's travel far, tha southern star shines

[Verse Two: Dre]

Everybody wanna get signed, but (here to tell you)
record companies act like pimps
Gettin paid off what we made when we the ones that's fly like blimps
But ain't no Goodyear, I tell it like it is so I'm like look here
Just willin to get what I deserve my kids to have a mother
and a little house, with a dog in the backyard goin "woof-woof"
Who knows what I'ma say soon's I leave this recording booth
Poof, back in the real world where birds fly
From Miami by way of Cuba to whoever wants to get that high
There's clouds of clowns, seas of G's
Pro-jects, packed with playas meditating on their knees
Just to make them ends meet, like ground beef, you won't believe
The shit that niggaz attempt cause they got other mouths to feed
besides they own

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Big Boi]

There's some hoes in this house, damn right
I'm thinkin about the way you skull me, guzz me
Suckin me dry like deserts Mojave, Gotti, hotties and honeydips
Likin the way you do me, screw me it make my money flip
Shakin that ass for daddy puttin this gas off in my Cadi-llac
Back, don't ever snap, packin the gats and pimpin whores
Hors d'oevres, swerve, hit the curb because I'm reckless
Back in the days when I was broke I'd snatch your fuckin necklace
You ol' pussy-ass nigga... yeah
Yeahh.. mmm mm mmm
That shit sho feel good
Hey playa, dis Peaches
Comin back at ya one mo gen, wit a big whayssup
Break out your black low, and your booms phone
As I send it out one more time
For East Pointe, College Park, Decatur, and the SWATS
We got that Southernplayalisticadillacfunkymuzik for yo' trunk
And it's fat like herringbone, and tight like nap booty
So let me take you deep, straight to the point
Cause it ain't nuttin but King Shit, all day, eryday
[Talking:] The feeling of being 12 years old and waking up in the middle
of the night and somebody in yo room. Yo heart starts beating so fast
you can hear it pumping. The veins in yo temple pulsate as you stare at
the intruder. Then after a few minutes you realize he ain't moving. So
finally you let 'em hang and turn on the light and the killer turns into
yo coat throwed over the chair.

The feeling of sitting at the red light early in the morning and two or
three motherfuckers cross the street. Yo senses heighten, reflexes
sharpen vision's enhanced adrenaline flows as they rush across the
street you leave the print from the heater grip in yo palm then yo heart
rate and breathing drag back to normal as you realize these niggas just
goin' to the store.

Many of us mistake Phobia for true fear. Whereas fear is a gift from
God to be used for self-preservation. Phobia are obstacles strategically
placed in society by opposers of positive existence. Through
stereotyping, innuendo, false documentation, and glorification they'll
turn your fear switch to a permanent on. We can change this by changing
the small truth within' the lie. Death is a small price to pay for
respect. Death is a small price to pay for respect. You know who it is.
You know what it is. Peace out.

[Verse 1: Andre]

In these troublin' times
a nigga like me be thinkin' of rhymes
that makes my quarters nickels
plus my pennies and my dimes stack
Don't be lookin' for trouble it be finding me
Try turning the other cheek
I understand but never mind that
Yes Sir guess the light is getting dim
at the end of the tunnel tried to hit me for my rims
I never thought thirty spokes
could attract too much attention
I gotta protect my own therefore
I'm heated just like a kitchen
full of pots and pan Glocks in hand
Shots rung out like ringin' the bells
and then that sucker nigga ran
Damn, I never thought that it
would come to this conclusion
the folks that throwed us
on them boats should be the one's I'm losin'
but naw we don't see it that way
in '94 this is the real no time for play play
betta believe the playas on the loot
need to get they head screwed on tight
when it really get down to the nitty grit
who gone fight pipe down
'cause ain't no better time
to crank it up than right now
we gots to see rump crum down here
and I don't hear nobody disagreein'
Orga-no-i-z-e-Mr. D.J. and me and Big Boi

[Chorus]

So don't spend yo whole life
livin' it for the white
You got a 9 to 5 and now
you choose to live it right
You takin' yo ass to the Army
'cause you scared of Revolution
I'm writing everyday to stop that brain pollution
I got a baby on the way that stress is in my chest
I'm 18 years of age and black so I can picture less
I'm smokin' and drinkin' e'ryday
So play your fuckin' job
educated and black I will resort to rob

[Verse 2: Big Boi]

See why in the muthafuck
do niggas be acting up
Do they want me to grab my shit
and lettin' that pistol go ruck
See I be gettin' stuck and stuff
havin' to knock a nigga out about my clout
That's not what it's about
see yes indeed I got that weed
like Daddy Q be havin' them ounces
That nigga the B-I-G be chokin' 'em out
and then I bounces
I got that lyrical flow to make
a hoe pull up her skirt
I drunk that herk & jerk boi
thinkin' of future things to work on
I got my fuck on and
then I took my clothes off
Washed my nuts up in the sink
and then I got more nuts off
Cough it's time to be out
see bein' a pimp is bein' a pimp
I'm dirtier than the shit
on the back of a shrimp
Now ain't that foul
the way a nigga can spit that style
My nigga I spit it I did it
Now suckas need to quit it
'Cause it's real

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Big Boi]

Well it's that nigga that be
wearing Nautica V-necks
and Polo sweats
I got some food up in yo thoughts
and that cess off in yo chest
See livin' up in the dungeon
where we stayed in '93
see that nigga the B-I-G B-O-I
that be me
and when we rock it
Niggas be jocking just like ?
you snitch I fucked yo bitch
See and my niggas G'd that hoe
on the South side of Camelton Road
No slippin' in this pimpin'
she was just a horny toad
See I'm a mystery like the
killing of Michael Jordan's father
Was steadily packin' the hoes
when I worked at Foot Locker
I'm gettin' higher than learning
smokin' 'em up and then burning
East Point is on the map
and now my clothes is hurtin'

[Andre:]

Now shit done got boring ass
molin' when excess closed down
but niggaz kept sewin' shearin'
stirrin' bein' the pharm assistant that missed
of the folks but some people
tend to joke about this
but it's really dead spirits
You can bet my lyrics
now ya wonder why that we
done stopped and got serious
Wantin' to know where I'm from
and where I need to be
Now that I know comfortable
living give me meat
Can I get back ya wonder why we split back
lure us into pitch black dark
but I sit back and spark
another one to leave ya discombobulated
in that dust livin' in a world
where in nobody do you trust
Then hush never became a major trade
but us in major trouble
'cause we made a too many mistakes
off in the past
Thinkin' you could make it this world
and now we laugh 'cause it's all faults [Chorus starts here]
either way ya go ya gotta pay the cost of the mic wind

[Chorus repeat] [last line is changed to:]
I'm hangin' with the G-O-O-D-I-E Mob Nigga yeah

Takin' you a li'l higher knowwhatI'msayin' when you learnin' when you
burnin' up that smoke so you can choke on my quotes
and get my * down yo throat you just don't understand
youknowwhatI'msayin' Organized Noize for '95 Bitch!
Age ain't nothin' but a number [x3]

[Andre 3000]
Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't (why don't) you teach me something new
We're all (we're all) just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby
Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't (why don't) you teach me something new
We're all (we're all) just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby

Miss lady
You could have been born a little later but I don't care
So what if your head sports a couple of grey hairs
Same here, and actually I think that's funky
(In a Claire Huxtable type way)
Miss lady
It looks to me like you need a little juice in your life
So call me when that big ole house gets lonelyfied
And I'll teleport from here to there
You show me how it's supposed to be done
I'll make sure you have young fun

Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't (why don't) you teach me something new
We're all (we're all) just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby
Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't (why don't) you teach me something new
We're all (we're all) just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby

You're sophisticated
Just me and miss lady
You've got me talkin like a baby
You make me talk baby talk
She's so sophisticated
You make me talk baby talk
Just me and miss lady
She makes me talk baby talk
Got me talkin like a baby
Like ga ga and goo goo
Oh momma
You're so sophisticated
Make me talk baby talk
Just me and miss lady
You're so experienced
Got me talkin like a baby
Teach me somethin new
Teach me somethin new
You're sophisticated
Just me and miss lady
You got me talkin like a baby
"Percy Junior, Percy Junior...what's that...what's that you playin'?"
"Workin' on something new."
"Sounds like some bullshit. Man, you really think the audience is gonna -- "
"Well, Rooster said I could play what I wanted."
"No, never mind anything that Rooster tell you. We'll play stuff that I like, kay?"

Ain't nobody like my style, yeah
I light my fire, yeah (I light ba-ba, I light ba-ba)
They blow it out, yeah (They blew it out, they blew it out)
And don't nobody wanna feel like that, no
Monkeys on my back crawl
And watch them all fall
Go fall, look out

Nobody wanted to dance
When I had a lot of time on my hands
Now I got a lot of hands on my time
And everybody wanna be a friend of mine
Whoa whoa, I wouldn't mind a friend
The fellas back home all tryin' to win
Moon keeps shinin' on bootleg bottles
Cops in the street keep ya feet on the throttle
Selling what ya got in a Ford A-model
Yellin' "Go, PJ go!"

Ain't n'ing idle, everything is wild, yeah
You can be hit now, yeah (soon as you turn around)
He in the ground, yeah (boy died, six feet underground)
And ain't no Bible, at this here Church, no
You won't find God no, might meet Him first, aw
Oh God, look out

Nobody wanted to leave
House so packed that we couldn't even breathe
And ain't no better place to fall in love
Angel sent from Heaven above
Swing down and come change your life
You might make a baby, might meet your wife
But one sure thing that you're gonna say
"Deep down South there's a 'lil old place
Them Idlewild cats, man, they don't play
Don't make me send a telegram to Rooster, he'll shoot ya."

"You better come harder than that, sweetie...this ain't no mortuary!"

And you don't want to take it to the gat so soon
(Still stick it to the) Jenkins waitin' in the upper room
'Till ya make her say her prayers
You some players but you made us mashed potato
That potato, blast you hater, blast the gator
So you might just wanna kick back and drink goose
Take that to ya woman, relax, break loose
Cuff her soon, if she choose, she gon' walk away from you
Straight to the Rooster, 'cause he's cock-a-doodle-cool, what they do fool
Moonshine run, the small town, crap shootin' all time
Phat you and that's gotta matchin' suit and hat
(All casper suing kinda robbers out da wild)
Time to break it on, break it on down, now
Percival, take it on out

Say whoa Nelly, whoa Nelly
Say whoa Pappy, whoa Pappy
Say whoa Mammy, whoa Mammy
Say whoa Pappy, whoa, everybody get up

No, no, no, no get down
Everybody get up
No, no, no, no get down
Everybody get up
No, no, no, no get down
[Intro: Rico Wade]
Man, the scene was so thick
Lowriders, '77 Sevilles, El Dogs
Nothing but them 'Lacs
All the players, all the hustlers
I'm talking bout a black man heaven here, nahmsayin, yeah

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
It's beginning to look a lot like, what?
Follow my every step
Take notes on how I crept
I's bout to go in depth
This is the way I creep my season, here's my ghetto rep
I kept, to say the least no, no it can't cease
So I begin to piece my two and two together
Gots no snowy weather, have to find something to do better, bet
I said subtract, so shut up that, nonsense about some silent night
I gots it crunk, if it ain't real, ain't right
I'm like no matter what the season
Forever chill with Smith
I sip my fifth, I chill with Wesson, got my reasons
So tell me what did you expect
You thought I'd break my neck, to help y'all deck the halls
Oh naw, I got other means of celebrating
I'm getting blizzard at HoJo, I got that hoochie waiting
I made it through another year can't ask for nothing much more
It's OutKast for the books I thought you knew so now you know, let's go

[Hook : Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Halle-lu-jah, halle-lu-jah
Y'know I do some things more different than I used to
'Cause I'm a player, doing what the players do
The package store was closed, okay my day is ruined
This is ridiculous, I'm getting serious, I'm getting curious
'Cause the house is smelling stank, the chitlins old as bitches
I made no wishes cause I'm mobbing folk niggas in the back
Getting tipsy off the nog and high as hell off the contact smoke
They having a smoke out in my back seat
They passing herb rewinding verses 'cause it's in the air
I hit the parks, I hit the cuts, I'm hitting switches
'Cause I'm switching from side to side looking for hoes and snitches
I'm wide open on the freeway, my pager broke my vibe
'Cause a junkie is a junkie three-sixty-five
It's just another day of work to me the spirit just ain't in me
Grab my pistol and my ounce see what them junkies gotta give me
'Cause it's like that, yeah
Forever pimpin', never slippin', that's how it is

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Ain't no chimneys in the ghetto so I won't be hanging my socks on no chimney
I'm fit as a tick, fix me a plate, I got the remedy
Some greens and that ham, not
Don't need no ham hocks, don't play me like I'm smoking rocks
I got the munchies, we got the Mary Jane in the Dungeon
Just to let you niggas know in '93, that's how we coming
So ho ho hoes, check my king-ass 'fro
The gin and juice has got me tipsy so, um

[Verse 4: André 3000]
It goes, give me ten, and I'll serve you then, now we bend
The corner in my Cadillac
My heart does not go pitty-pat for no rat
I'm leaning back, my elbow's out the window
Coke, rum and indo fills my body, where's the party?
We roll deep, we dip to Underground, see a lot of hoes around
I spit my game while waiting countdown
A five, fo', a three, two, here comes the one
A new year has begun, P-Funk, spark another one

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day

[Outro: Peaches]
Here's a little something for the players out there hustling
Getting down for theirs
From East Point, College Park, Decatur, Da 'Briar
You know, niggas worldwide
Down, for theirs

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
All the players came from far and wide
Wearing afros and braids, kicking them gangsta rides
Now I'm here to tell you there's a better day
When the player's ball is happening, all day ery'day
Here's a little somethin for the players out there hustlin
Gettin down for theirs
From East Pointe, College Park, Decatur, DeVries...

My man, the scene was so thick
Lowriders, Seventy-Seven Sevilles
El Do's, nuttin but them 'Llacs
All the players (DePorte in the house) all the hustlers
I'm talkin bout a black man heaven here
YouknowhatI'msayin? Yeah

[singing]
Cadillacs are comin, from everywhere (yeahhh)
Limbo boppin good cause love is in the air
To all you players and you pimps smoke out and have a ball
And if your hoe is actin crazy --

-- put her on the wall
Now now now everybody's dancin and just feelin right
I see all of you players got yourselves laid in on ice
I hope when all y'all dance is over, can I get onn, yeah
My kids'll have a story, that still be told, whoooa, about

All the players came, from far and wide
Wearin afros and braids, kickin them gangster rides
Now I'm here to tell ya, there's a better day
When the player ball is happenin, all day eryday
[Intro]
I hope that you're the one
If not, you are the prototype
We'll tiptoe to the sun
And do thangs I know you like

[Hook]
I think I'm in love again [repeat]

[Verse 1]
Today must be my lucky day
Baby, you are the prototype
Do sumn' outta the ordinary
Like catch a manitee
Baby you are the prototype
I think I'm..

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
If we happen to part
Lord knows I don't want that
But hey, we can't be mad at God
We met today for a reason
I think I'm on the right track now

[Hook]

The Scene
Come here

[Hook]

[Outro (ad libs)]
Girl, right now I wanna say, I wanna say
I wanna say stank you very much
For picking me up
And bringing me back to this world
I can't, I'm not
I can't afford to not record
I thank I wanna say
I thank I wanna say stank you, stank you
Smelly much!
For picking me up and bringing me back to this world
Hey, hey John! Are we recording our ad libs?
Really?? Were we recording just then?
Let me hear that, that first one
When I first started
[Big Boi - talking]
One more time for y'all, y-y-yeah, huh
If you didn't know you know now, OutKast, Stankonia
We shittin on everybody talkin that bullshit

[Big Boi]
Now Peter Piper picked a pepper, that was his downfall
I'm down with Dre 3000, 'cause he got my back y'all
Ball if you want to, but do it with some class G
Ask me, do OutKast got some flows so you can blast me
Nasty, niggas on the point they see you shinin
Engi-neers in the studio see me rhymin
Don't get me wrong, got four albums they consistant
You got a bodyguard, I let my nigga tote the biscuit
Twist ya cap back, you got blood off on ya fur hat
Cap, cap, ya link snap, you slump off in ya Cadillac
But what though, some diamonds and a Bentley what you dyin for
Aight hoe, I'ma bake my cheese and let my mic flow
Prioritize to live through
Tell these other niggas how you bought yo' kid some tennis shoes
Let these brothers know that your momma she got her house too
Let these niggas know that your sister will, uh, finish, college without you
I doubt you do that though,
so do this here and keep that bullshit out of our ear
You too near me to not hear me, too open conceal me
The love for the music keepin big boys spittin really

[Hook]
'Cause they know where you live and they've seen what ya drive
And they say they gonna put one in your helmet
'Cause you brag 'bout that watch, and all them things that you got
Them dirty boys turn your poundcake to red velvet

[Dre]
How can you measure a nigga by multiple figures he may got, got, got
Had he not purchased the newest Mercedes that lose it's value soon as you
drive that bitch off the lot, lot, lot
Would it still be that latest, most wanted, doggonit you want it
He got it-type nigga 'round the town, town, town
Had he not played it so flat,
he ask you when half of these niggas hurtin and workin
Would be he be found, found, found
In a ho-tel (ho-tel) ??? ???
With his dick shoved in ??? ???
Bill Gates, don't dangle diamonds in the face
Of peasonts when he Microsoftin' in the place
You gettin on my nerves, well I'm gettin on your case
Consider your surroundings or you leave without a trace

[Hook]

[Big Boi]
I know you got the biggest bank roll and you ballin
Follow the heater because the leader he is haulin
Ass like Juan Valdez, I think he scared
'Cause my nigga Khujo Goodie got that ??? to his head

[Dre]
Little did he know that waiting in the closet
No matter what you call that, playboy sure got ???
Don was the one who came in contact
With those with slow goals who prompt to sell crack
On this megaphone, hey look where I'm on
You off, he floss hard 'cause he celebrate the fact
Little bitty ???, lurkin in the closet
No matter what you call that, playboy sure got ???

[Hook 2x]
[Dre]
It's the return of the gangsta thanks ta'
Them niggas that's on that blow
that run up in yo' crib which contains
your lady and an 8 month old
child to raise plus you true blue 'bout this music but
they do not want to hear it because they'd
rather be bouncin' and shootin' and killin' and bouncin'
and shit get down

Return of the gangsta thanks ta'
them niggas that thank [think] you soft
and say y'all be gospel rappin'
but they be steady clappin' when you talk about
bitches & switches & hoes & clothes & weed
let's talk about time travelin' rhyme javelin
somethin' mind unravelin' get down

Return of the gangsta thanks ta'
them niggas who got them kids
who got enough to buy an ounce
but not enough to bounce them kids to the zoo
or to the park so they grow up in the dark never
seein' light so they end up being like yo' sorry ass
robbin' niggas in broad ass daylight get down

Return of the gangsta thanks ta'
them niggas that get the wrong impression of expression
Then the question is Big Boi what's up with Andre?
Is he in a cult? Is he on drugs? Is he gay?
When y'all gon' break up? When y'all gon' wake up?
Nigga I'm feelin' better than ever what's wrong with you
you get down!

[Big Boi]
Man a nigga don't want no trouble
a playa just want to kick back with my gators off
and watch my lli'l Gull blow bubbles
But still ready to rhyme
standin' my ground never back down
Willin' to rob steal & kill any thang that threatens mine
But good luck couldn't be bought see
many a fights had to be fought G
for a nigga to ride these Vogues
oh so close to the sidewalk to be gawked at
watch your side my nigga 'cause we got gats
the first nigga to buck gon' be the first nigga we attack
don't want that but it comes though
most of the time you don't know
Stickin' together like flour and water to make that
slow dough we worked for everything we have
and gon' stick up for each other like we
brothers from another mother
Kinda like Mel Gibson and Danny Glover
strictly for the Caddy lovers and never the
nut huggin' punk motherfuckers
[Hook]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Verse 1:(Big Boi)]
Many a day has passed, the night has gone by
But still I find the time to put that bump off in your eye
Total chaos, for these playas, thought we was absent
We takin another route to represent the Dungeon Family
Like Great Day, me and my nigga decide to take the back way
We stabbing every city then we headed to that bat cave
A-T-L, Georgia, what we do for ya
Bull doggin hoes like them Georgetown Hoyas
Boy you sounding silly, thank my Brougham aint sittin pretty
Doing doughnuts round you suckas like then circles around titties
Damn we the committee gone burn it down
But us gone bust you in the mouth with the chorus now

[Hook]

I met a gypsy and she hipped me to some life game
To stimulate then activate the left and right brain
Said baby boy you only funky as your last cut
You focus on the past your ass'll be a has what
Thats one to live by or either that one to die to
I try to just throw it at you determine your own adventure
Andre, got to her station here's my destination
She got off the bus, the conversation lingered in my head for hours
Took a shower kinda sour cause my favorite group ain't comin with it
But I'm witcha you cause you probably goin through it anyway
But anyhow when in doubt went on out and bought it
Cause I thought it would be jammin but examine all the flawsky-wawsky
Awfully, it's sad and it's costly, but that's all she wrote
And I hope I never have to float in that boat
Up shit creek it's weak is the last quote
That I want to hear when I'm goin down when all's said and done
And we got a new joe in town
When the record player get to skippin and slowin down
All yawl can say is them niggas earned that crown but until then...

[Hook]
[Harmonica Solo]
[Hook til fade]
[Verse One - Andre 3000]
Caroline! Caroline!
All the guys would say she's mighty fine
But mighty fine only got you somewhere half the time
And the other half either got you cursed out, or coming up short
Yeah, now dig this, even though
You'd need a golden calculator to divide
The time it took to look inside and realize that
Real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah!

[Chorus- Repeat 2x]
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer
See that roses really smell like boo-boo
Yeah, roses really smell like boo-boo

[Verse Two - Andre 3000]
Caroline! See she's the reason for the word "bitch"
I hope she's speeding on the way to the club
Trying to hurry up to get to some
Baller or singer or somebody like that
And try to put on her makeup in the mirror
And crash, crash, crash.. into a ditch! (Just Playing!)
She needs a golden calculator to divide
The time it took to look inside and realize that
Real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah!

[Chorus]

[Verse Three]
Well she's got a hotty body, but her attitude is potty
When I met her at a party she was hardly acting naughty
I said "Would you call me?"
She said "Pardon me, are you ballin'?"
I said "Darling, you sound like a prostitute pursing"
Oh so you're one them freaks, get geeked at the sight of ATM receipts
But game been peeped, dropping names she's weak
Trickin' off this bitch is lost
Must take me for a geek a quick way to eat
A neat place sleep, a rent-a-car for a week, a trick for a treat
Now go on the raw sex, my AIDS test is flawless
Regardless, we don't want to get involved with no lawyers
And judges just to hold grudges in a courtroom
I wanna see ya support bra not support you!
Better come back down to Mars
Girl, quit chasin' cars
What happens when the dough get so low
Bitch, you ain't that fine
No way.. no way.. no way

[Repeat 2x]
Crazy bitch
Bitch, stupid ass bitch
Old punk ass bitch, old dumbass bitch
A bitch's bitch, just a bitch
[Baby crying:] Wanh wanh wanh

[Andre 3000 - Bridge]
A boy
To raise
At a
Young age
No help
From him
But she's alive
To be
Made strong
But all
Alone
Must be
A pain
But she's alive

[Andre 3000 - Verse One]
The year was 1975
That night crickets cried
They knew what was going down
Three girls travel a long country road
And one said she thinks it's time
This baby wants to come right now

[Andre 3000 - Bridge]
A boy
To raise
At a
Young age
No help
From him
But she's alive
To be
Made strong
But all
Alone
Must be
A pain
But she's alive

[Woman talking]
I was scufflin' going to school
I was scufflin' working at night
And you know what
I truly believe
And that's why I tell a lot of parents
Single parents, don't tell me what God can't do.
I made sure you had
I never felt like you should be deprived of anything
If a man didn't want to take care of his child
You move on
And that's what I did
I moved on

[Andre 3000 - Bridge]
A boy
To raise
At a
Young age
No help
From him
But she's alive
To be
Made strong
But all
Alone
Must be
A pain
But she's alive

A boy
To raise
At... at a
Young age
No help
From him
But she's alive

[Woman talking]
He always wanted to be a father
But he never took care of you
He ain't have no money
He ain't have nothin'
How can you care about somebody
And you never give the welfare of them

[Andre 3000 - Bridge]
A boy
To raise
At a
Young age
No help
From him
But she's alive
To be
Made strong
But all
Alone
Must be
A drag
But she's alive

A boy
To raise
At a
Young age...
No help
From him
But she's alive
To be
Made strong
But all
Alone
Must...

[Woman talking]
and I knew I had to go that road by myself

[Andre 3000]
She's alive
[Killer Mike]
Our shit don't mix like llao and lukewarm water
Better make it hotter splash ice and watch it rock up
I oughta duct tape your infant daughter
Show y'all soldier ass niggaz
I'm murder city's Sargeant Slaughter
Guaranteed to get more cut than a barber
I betcha I'll drill your heifer like Black & Decker
This pussy wrecker and white water couldn't get it wetter
I'm guaranteed to leave her swiss cheese for more cheddar
I give a fuck, suede bucks and Coogi sweaters
What's up? Whatever sable fur to lamb leather
I've seen it all in the trap with fitted caps for cold weather
And creased denim threats delivered when I send 'em
Nigga know I, FedEx my shit, overnight express my shit
Deliver my hits quick, who next on my shit list
Banana niggaz need to split
Quit fucking with this thorough Atlanta click
This here is Slum Lordz we make your terrific shit tragic
My pen and pixel make violence more graphic
I take raw coke, cook it crack, saran wrap it
One muthafuckin' verse and it's already a classic(x2)
Killer Mike nigga!

[Hook x2]
Don't you be looking at me crazy like ya want to
The game is over k.b. baby won't you
Just quit the contemplating cause
I'll box you in your muthafuckin mouth

[Big Boi]
My Cadillac got that boom, boom in it, listen to it drop
Like cereal in your breakfast bowl just jumpin' off the top
A nigga don't stop for squares or octagons prepare
I'm not the one you scared, the Piccolo Pimp done set up shop
Nigga you pop lock, for pop rocks, but I'm only poppin tweeters
And woofers and pussies be blowing purple wit' my feet up
I'mma eat up anybody who tests this, I'm blessed wit'
Super human powers, poke your chest in, the next of kin
Gone be the first one like some Mexicans to buck
Nigga you stuck like a truck in red dirt, you's in church
And I'm the deacon speakin' while ya tweakin'
The preacher preachin', reachin', teachin', speakin', being, breathin'
You're not, your clock stop, and now you're laying in a pretty box
And now pastor is only talking 'bout the pretty parts of your life
Your brother fuckin' your damn wife
You look for the pearly white gates, but you realize your fate
It's too late, 'cause you hate, you hate
It's too late, 'cause you hate
Punk pussy ass bitch, game over, who want some?! (Hook)

[Killer Mike]
Roll my blunts thick, like I like my bitch
Lick my blunts and spit, like she do my dick
Attempted murder dick, for ways I choke chicks
Spit it in her eye make it hard to focus

[Big Boi]
Killer Mike gonna calm down, things gonna get a little crazy
Ol' girl might yell rape G, you might as well give her a throat baby
Goop goobler, goop gravy, no dicking her down to the ground
Now you doing the Dirty South, know what I'm talkin' about

[Killer Mike]
Big Boi, my mentor, hear what you hollering about
But fuck that, I'm looking for love all in her mouth
Need her to gobble up jism, like school lunches
Need her to take cat beatings and throw punches

[Big Boi]
Like a swarm of locusts, no hocus-pocus
You wanna approach us, buzzards and vultures
We two of the dopest mic controllers
Stack big bank, honey folders
Even wit' rollers, I'm trying to told ya
Even loving, lavish, ladies, leaving, landmarks
Of Lemon-lime, lip gloss on your lavender lapels
Leaping lizards, keep me slizzard, my mind's expanding
Readily rappin' and snappin', snappin' and trappin'
That's just what's happening [Hook]

[J-Sweet]
A whey you want come dis
When you know you nuh fit
You better move you bombo
Before me start trip
Nuff a them a talk OutKast
Nuff a them a trip
Nuff a them come in like a bitch
Whey wear slip
A J-Sweet me name an' me already Chris
A OutKast me spar wid
So boy nuh try dis
If you dis boy shot knaw go miss
Gun shot a go teck you just like fits
Boy hear me song an' thought a remix
Brand new tune platinum hits
We nah gon' run and switch like no bitch
OutKast, J-Sweet, Killer Mike
[Chorus:]
Ain't nobody dope as me I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)
Don't you think I'm so sexy I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)
Ain't nobody dope as me I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)
I love when you stare at me I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)

[Big Boi]
Sir Luscious got gator belts and patty melts and Monte Carlo's
And El Dorado's I'm waking up out of my slumber feeling like Ralo
So follow it's your time at the Apollo
Minus the Kiki Shepard what about a ho in a leopard-print
Teddy Pender-grass cooler than Freddie Jackson
Sippin a milkshake in a snowstorm
Left my throat warm in the dorm room at the AU
We do hey you And might do some cake too
But you must have me mistaken with them statements that you make
Cause

[Chorus]

[Andre 3000]
Canary yellow, '79 Seville is on display
My nigga Bungle whipped it up so I gone get my rims today
So a nigga can ride out to the colorful hideout
I'ma show you how to wild out like Jack Trippa
Let me be bambino on your snippas
YKK on yo zippa lick you like a lizard
When I'm slizzard or sober 6 million ways to fold ya
Like Noah I get crews to choose and you get pretty deep
But i'll call yo ass round 8-ish I know you'll be there for me
Cause

[Chorus]

[Andre 3000]
Those huge baby eyes get to runnin off at they mouth
Tellin me everything that's on yo nasty mind
They say your malnutrition in need of vitamin D
And inviting me to that tingle in yo spine
I love who you are I love who ya ain't you're so Ann Frank
Let's hit the attic to hide out for bout two weeks
With change and no chains and whips I do suck lips
Till hips jerk and double time the boy next door's a freak
Ha Ha

[Chorus]

(And we are...) the coolest motherfunkers on the planet
(In my mind...) the sky is fallin ain't no need to panic
(But Oh oh.....) I got a stick and want yo automatic
(Oh oh oh...) Compatible created in the attic
[repeat]

[Chorus 2x]
[Sleepy Brown]
Outkast, Snoop Dogg, Sleepy Brown

[Hook]
Ching-a-Ling, the ride is on me, cuz
Ching-a-Ling, we're so fresh so clean
Ching-a-Ling, we always make a seen, cuz we'ere
Ching-a-Ling, so fresh so clean
Ching-a-Ling, I been doin things now
Ching-a-Ling, so fresh so clean
Ching-a-Ling, the light stays green now
Ching-a-Ling, so fresh so clean

[Sleepy Brown]
Here I am, you know it's me
The focused-out brotha with the pinky ring
People stare, women scream
Cuz they never seen a brotha be so clean
Gangstah hats, minks to match
Glass half full just sippin now
Big Snoop Dogg bout to fuck you up
Me and Outkast just lay in the back
In the Cadillac, grill intact
Purple-blue gators, and belts to match

[Andre 3000] (Sleepy Brown)
Some people play crazy, some people play like they sane
It doesnt matter (play in the rain) we always play in the rain
Too much of data can make the mind overload
Scramble all logic not even you can decode
(Where are we going, can we slip and we slide?)
It doesnt matter just shut the fuck up and ride
I am, a multi-pimp, so fresh so clean
Rimp rimp rimp
In a .. (Cadillac, grillin tag)
(Purple-blue gators, and belts to match)

[Hook]

[Snoop Dogg] (Sleepy Brown)
I woke up early on my birthday, pimpin in the worst way
Never come in last place, usually come in first place
First they chase me, lace me, and taste me
Kick me some brandi, keg me and lace me
Face me, look at me, now tell me what you lookin at
A P-I-M-P, and wing-tip Stacey's
Lately, hate me, is all that they could triple with
Know them niggas best to hit, that I'm the ones to kick it with
Runnin high, tell a lie, watch the P I stay outside
O-U-T-hills now, dirty see I still slide
The bitches love the way we ride
So if you ain't a big dogg, then I suggest you stay in cells now
I be, G S-N-double-O-P, E-S L-B-C you feel me
You can't sell me, tell me silly gilly hilly billy
??, While I slide in the 6-9
(Cadillac, grillin tag)
(Purple-blue gators, and belts to match)

[Big Boi] (Sleepy Brown)
To the window's to the wall's, to the bathroom nigga dont fall
The cast gone keep on bumpin and dumpin, to post up on all of y'all
Got my nigga Snoop Dogg, L-B-C
College Park, E-P-T, on the remix tip we gon' sit
On the rim tip and wing tip, like a boss pimp, not a lost pimp
Cuz I, (So fresh so clean), wearin hard shoes, or not at all I
(Live, walk with a lean), take godzilla and the gator from lake placid
Manifacturing in a fashion, mashin might be stabbin
You crabbin, your girl is stabbin and frabbin I'm snappin and trappin
Deba, depana, dashin, all I need is a congac, and a cold coca-cola
Slashin, smooth serious smashin, multi-rubels matching
Toot that bootie, I'mma toot the horn, I'm a player
Every time they ask me am I (Cadillac, grillin tag)
(Purple-blue gators, and belts to match)
Two times, (Cadillac, grillin tag)
(Purple-blue gators, and belts to match)

[Hook]
[Big Boi]
Well its the m i crooked letter coming around the south
Rollin straight hammers and vogues in that old southern slouch
Please, ain't nothin but inscence in my atmosphere
I'm bendin corners in my lac boi, cause that's how we be rollin here
Deep, the slang is in effect because its Georgia
Kickin they khakis and ... packin yo pieces cause you sposed to cousin
Catfish and grits is how my flow flow
Rollin steady in that caddy but them 50 bottles got to go
See Juice and gin used to be my friend, from the begin
And now i'm just a player sippin sauce, every now and then
To catch a buzz like a bumble bee
Niggaz who tried to fuck with me
Get sprayed like raid cause it ain't nothin see

[Andre]
My heat is in the trunk along with that quad knock
No my heart don't pump no koolaid
... and you'll get you spray
Hooray yo block the one and only Outkast
Many a nigga fallin fast and
How you think you last-in
Quickly, they ain't gone get me
Got somethin fo'em
The devil up in yo grill and you still don't even know'em
Show'em, who's the ok
Like collard greens and whole eggs
I got soul, thats somethin that you ain't got
That's why yo style is ro-ten,
Stop in the land of ATL
Where nothin but pimps, fully equiped
Quick to make a sale, swell
Rolling got my pocket fitness boomin light
Rocket smoke tried to stop me but they know that its that...

[Chorus]
Its that southerplayalisticcaddilac funky music
Now Players if you choose it
You better make sure you don't abuse it
We gonna get cha hiiiighh, hiiiighhh

[Andre]
Time to drop these bows, like dusty rhodes
Then I yell ho
We knockin em off they feet like a southern hustler supposed
To do , I's in the house, house like
A joint is lit fo my kin folks
And all the niggas that was down, since we been broke
Takin'em deeper than a submarine
So scream when you hear the team of two
My groove be thick as two fat hoes sittin off in a room
I'm packin my tag backwards if you want to be actin wrong
Word is bond like super glue
Its funky like poopa scoop
And every word I say you can true.

[Big Boi]
Well okey dokey kastout
I swear to God I got the highest boomin cadillac
The expialalistic coupe de ville
Can you handle that you rat
I take my time cruisin round the city malls
And under my seat for you suckers its your final curtain call
The one two to the guage p-u-m-p.
You want to do a jack I heat the barrel till this hippi get me
See i get friendly gettin in where i fit
Organized is on the track with the southernplayalistic shit
So copy my slang and bite my shit
But don't try heckelin me
Cause sleepin you'll get served with some southern hospitality

[Chorus]

[Big Boi]

Well southernplayalisticadillac music has been layed
I may wait for all the ... be rolling like that today hoes
So back up off get up on it if you want it cha'll
Looking for hoes and snitches was my thing on player's ball yup
So now I step, rather walk with the pimp
Lit by, my niggaz are at east point
With that college park hemp smoke style
Is how I wanna end it on this track so I pass it to my partner
And step back up in my cadillac

[Andre]
Step into my shoes, you crews sittin on truths
And those for the hoes only when we rollin through
Atlanta skies be blue
The sun is beamin it seemin
That i glisten, rather gleaming
20/20 got me leaning to the side
Feel the pride, now ain't that somethin
I'm dippin into your hood
This ain't braile, but i'm bumpin
Thumpin out the roaches
Dungeon if ya'll missed it
Big Gimp, Goodie MOb, PA, Outkast
Southernplaylistic

[Chorus 3X]
Yeah Yeah
Yes Spaghetti Junction
Yes yes
Elope ski slopes
(coughs) ahh
Damn
Yeah
Check this out

[Andre 3000]
Niggas elope wit ski slopes and fall like avalanches
Tootin like it's cool being fooled and i can't just
Sit around and watch those snow membranes flame
My ends is loose and you can't stop that rain
When it starts to fall

[Big Boi]
Lookin like Ms. Pacman ???? and cat man
I'm speaking about these pros cause you know nothing bout that man
The nigga the B-I-G is high in flight like value jet
You thinking about the B team cause my end is never met
Nigga

[Andre 3000]
Black man white man Jew man ain't no joke
Remember when me and my cousin used to sit up on the porch
And talk about when we get older now we up against the ropes
Yeah they kickin niggas door down cause it ain't no dope
On the streets

[Big Boi]
And a quarter of time to feed me
That's all a nigga like me need
Talking about that Southern sess now you all up in that mess
But never shall you test and never shall you quit
Running up on me with that fuck shit will get you nothing but hell

[Chorus:]
Be careful where you roam cause you might not make it home
*Whispers* junction junction
Don't you dare ever get lost cause you get caught up in that sauce
*Whispers* junction junction
To all ya playas play ya tims and ya hustlas wit ya rims
Macks and Pimps live on the outside of the corners that you've been
Y'all Yes yes yes Uh
*Whispers* Junction Junction

[Big Boi]
Well I'm dranking up on yak while I'm dippin off in that 'lac ('lac)
The junkies around my way are always smokin up on that crack (crack)
Lay them college park hoes flat on they back
Living the life of pimps steadily making this paper stack
Niggas don't understand the master plan coming to earn man
Till they start kickin the door in then we ready to blast
Them out (out) like planes (planes) that's bout to crash
So mayday Maytrain knock em up off they ass
Boy

[Andre 3000]
We struggle like fat hoes just to get things that ??
People got we forgot they always gonna keep a plot
Right up they sleeve you won't believe they decieve
Like weak theives can't break in your crib and leave and they built like two
So ???? and then i'm straight
And they drove ???? see my folks can't cover three I's
We wise to the fact so we attack wit what we know
Heaven is the only good life so what you strivin fo

[Chorus]

[Big Boi]
Uh check this shit out though uh well
Well I flip flops and football socks
A nigga be rockin the mic like birthdays
Lil Jon and Sirsce so why you worth-ay
I'm callin yo ass a flaw pimp yappin about this crew you run wit
Bankhead bouncing to that dumb shit so what mo can you come wit

[Andre 3000]
Yeah they can bite but cannot be us
They can come and pick up little slang but cannot see us
You ought to be ashamed trying to fit in my adidas
So Run like DMC like you don't know you got no heater

[Big Boi]
Well we zippin around the corner in that golden stankin lincoln
Got my heat up under my seat in case the junkies tryin to take it
Pullin the pistol on another black man was never the plot
But sometimes a brother will shoot for wealth and try to take my spot

[Andre 3000]
Well they come like black stallions in the night
You see around four or five that's when they figure the time is right
That's when you good and sleep
I couldn't sleep until I seen em wit my own eyes
Till they come over the hill suprised

[Chorus]
Hey yo, hey yo, we speedballin'

Livin' by the grace of God at the pace of the Devil
Life is hard, we speedballin' with no time to waste
The trouble tends to weeble wobble over the base
We speedballin', nose wanna blow out steam

So make some fuckin' noise if you know what I mean
We speedballin' ha but if you don't you won't
You'll end up in your trouble while the fury of funk
We speedballin'

Uh uh, yeah sucka we're speedballin', ballin', ballin', ballin'
Yeah uh, we speedballin', ballin', ballin, uh yeah, we speedballin'
Ballin', ballin', uh uh uh yeah, we speedballin', ballin', ballin', ballin'
Ballin', ballin', ballin', ballin', ballin', uh, we speedballin'
Yeah woo, yeah uh

Mama think I'm on that blow 'cause anything over marijuana fa' sho'
We speedballin' huh, if I could just come down
But when I do come down I don't like how it sound
We speedballin hoo, the pitcher all on the mound

Throwin' fastballs with a curve, the nerve of speedballin' ha
Some niggaz serve to live, some niggaz live to serve
Not a fuck who they give, we speeballin' ha

Ha yeah woo, we speedballin', ballin'
Yeah, can y'all feel that? Uh, we speedballin', ballin', ballin'
Ha c'mon, yeah we speedballin', what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

My God, my heart, my start, my Saviour, my soul
My end, my friend, my sin, now when can I go?
If you can hear me, now then make me move
Stank-ya, I like it like that, I'm in yo' groove

Yeah, yeah, entire world uh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Decatur, woo we speedballin', uh yeah, yeah, A.T.L
Uh yeah, New York we speedballin', ballin', ballin'
Woo yeah uh uh, we speedballin', L.A. woo woo, we speedballin'

Woo woo woo woo, woo woo, uh uh uh uh
We speedballin', ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Yeah yeah, woo woo, we speedballin'
What? Ha what? Woo woo, we speedballin'

Hoo-ver, can't rock and roll no more
Hoo-ver, can't rock and roll no more
Hoo-ver, can't rock and roll no more
Hoo-ver, can't rock and roll no more

Nigga wanna think these boys don't blow
Hoe you see them snortin' them coke
Chaos still don't give you a hoe
Maybe you think the music is low

Maybe you say, the niggaz is wack
If he asks, want some crack
If you do that, you never come back
Back to life, reality black

Pump, pump, pump, pump, pump the brakes
Analyze shit, got down to stakes
Take a shortcut tryin' to win the race
Whatchu gonna do when you step in the place?

At a player's place, nigga takin' my time
What he gon' say when I freak the rhyme?
How you gon' deal when's it heat tonight?
Buck, buck, buck, nigga on the run

Niggafied 'cause we still on the grind
In the trap for the dope boys
Speedballin', free-fallin'
In my own moon and my own zone

Boy life is short, gonna suck it up
Arsty-fartsy nigga fuck it up
Down in the trenches, press your luck
Assed out like you ain't no butt, nigga what?

My soul is burnin', about to catch fire
I'm overheated, about to catch fire, ha
I can't help myself, I'm on fire, ha ha ha ha

My soul is burnin', about to catch fire
I'm overheated, about to catch fire, ha
I can't help myself, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, ah good God

My soul is burnin', about to catch fire
I'm overheated, about to catch fire, ha
I can't help myself, I'm on fire, ah good Lord

My soul is burnin', about to catch fire
I'm overheated, about to catch fire, ha
I can't help myself, I'm on fire, I'm on fire
[Hook]
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James

[Pat Brown]
Dickie shorts and Lincoln's clean
Leanin' checking out the scene
Gangsta boys, Bigga's lit
Ridin' out talkin' shit

Nigga where you wanna go?
You know the club don't close 'til four
Let's party 'til we can't no more
Watch out here come the folks, damn alone

[Dre]
As the plot thickens, it gives me the dickens
Reminiscent of Charles a lil disco tech
Nestled in the ghettos of Niggaville, USA
Via Atlanta, Georgia
A li'l spot where young men & young women
Go to experience they first li'l taste of the nightlife

Me? Well, I've never been there, well, perhaps once
But, I was so engulfed in the Old "E"
I never made it to the door you speak of hard core
while the DJ sweatin' out all the problems
and the troubles of the day

While this fine bow legged girl fine as all outdoors
Lulls lukewarm lullabies in your left ear
Competing with "Set it Off," in the right
But, it all blends perfectly, let the liquor tell it
"Hey, hey look baby they playin' our song"

And the crowd goes wild as if
Holy field has just won the fight
But in actuality it's only about 3 A.M.
And three niggas just don' got hauled off in the ambulance

Two niggas don' start bustin'
And one nigga don' took his shirt off talkin' 'bout
"Now who else wanna fuck with Hollywood Court?"
This is my interpretation of the situation

[Hook]
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James
Damn, damn, damn, James

[Big Boi]
Yes, when I first met my spottieottiedopaliscious angel
I can remember that damn thing like yesterday
The way she moved, reminded me of a brown stallion horse
With skates on you know smooth like a hot comb on nappy ass hair

I walked up on her and was almost paralyzed
Her neck was smelling sweeter than a plate of yams with
Extra syrup, eyes beaming like four karats apiece just blindin'
A nigga felt like I chiefed a whole O of that Presidential
My heart was beating so damn fast never knowing
This moment would bring another life into this world

Funny how shit come together sometimes ya dig
One moment you frequent the booty clubs
And the next four years you and somebody's daughter
Raisin' y'all own young'n that's a beautiful thang
That's if you're on top of your game
And man enough to handle real life situations that is

Can't gamble feeding baby on that dope money
Might not always be sufficient but the
United Parcel Service and the people at the Post Office
Didn't call you back because, you had cloudy piss
So now you back in the trap just that, trapped
Go on and marinate on that for a minute

Damn, damn, damn, J-J-James
Damn, damn, damn, J-J-James
Damn, damn, damn, J-J-James
[Chorus 1]
I don't want to move too fast, but
Can't resist your sexy ass
Just spread, spread for me
(I can't, I can't wait to get you home)
Don't want to come on too strong, but
I'll play in you all day long
Just spread, spread for me
(I can't, I can't wait to get you home)

[Verse 1]
I... I can't read minds, but I can read yours
I think she says that she wants to pour your..
your... yourself all over me
What you think? I could be wrong, but peoples don't lie
And if they do, bu God, they must fry! (fry?!)
You know, like electric chair
The way you stare (yeah I'm there)
You committed a crime and I'm the victim

[Rap]
I've got an eye out for she who cries out passionately
We'll do things backwardly, forwardly, horizontally
I'm too young to be settling down
quick to change my mind tomorrow
So now can I borrow your timid torso
More so than your soul, honest me gotta be how I roll
Fuck the rhythm, tuck the rhythm under your bosom
You're the prism, Shirley Chislom
Was the first, let's rehearse making a baby
Put in your order, I want a baby daughter
Dance on the tip of my tongue
Shake the clouds 'til there's no more wetness in them
Tell your homegirls that you will send them
A postcard from 3000... HARD!

[Hook 2]
Don't want to make you feel strange, but
Don't let these words be in vain, so
Spread, spread for me
(I can't, I can't wait to get you home)
Nature knows that I want you, but
Not unless you want me too, so
Spread, spread for me
(I can't, I can't wait to get you home)

[Hook 1]
[Hook 2]
[Intro:]
What does love look like?
Love looks like you
What does love love feel like?
Love feels like this
What does love smell like?
Love smells like us

[Andre 3000]
You make me understand
What it means to be in l-o-v-e once again
Why, must we fly so low?
Are we 'fraid of heights, do kites get lost in the tow

[Chorus:]
Stank love, stank love, stank love, stank love

[Sleepy Brown]
Let me show your mind a new freaky side of love
Open up you flower please let me taste your love
Honeysuckle sweet, can't stop till I get ever drip drop on my tongue
Hitting every spot of you, what you gonna do
Your body is the rhythm of the boom in the room
Up and down it seems to go
Oh my god I think I'm bout to explode

[Chorus]

[Big Rube]
My fingertips scan flesh so supple
No longer a couple like two in one skin
Where do you end and where do I begin
Both brains become one mind sensually
Every nerve becoming it's own individual entity
With its own lusts, it's own needs to serve
Longing for the love of all the other nevers
As they writhe and twist in satisfaction
In the burning chill of please we bathe
Engulfing, encompassing like a cataclysmic shockwave
Of an impact so deep, but not one of destruction
But of creation, elation in the re-making
No taking in the relation, no taking in the relation
Just giving of ther persona making lover after making love
Till ain't nothing but Stankonia

[Chorus]
Some say Atlanta
Some say New York
Some say Paris France but, who knows
Where this flower, grows
Hold up!
Oooh, oooh! Somebody done told you you wrong!

[Verse 1:] Ok, I start out all alone
`Cause my baby mama left me
Now there's nobody at home
Beginning to feel like Ms. Jackson done got cloned!
Well it's some real shit and I'm lving it through this song!
A moving vehicle took my family
As I slept out on the sofa in the Boom Boom Room
I woke up very upset!
I throw the covers back and peek out of the draperies
My daughter, my baby, my baby mama all escaping me!
In the wind, she was my friend
Like Princess Di before she died
Therefore we tried and tried again
But in the end you pay attention to the pluses
But the minuses behind make it seem like you can't win!

[Hook:] Throw your neck out! Throw your back out! [4x]

[Verse 2:] Round two, a single parent, what is Big to do?
Throw a parrty? Not hardly!! i'm trying to stay up outta that womb!!
Or that p-u-s-s uss! I said uss!
Luther Vandross couldn't make a home out of this house that we smooshed
Smashed, pushed to the limit! Smash and turned it timid!
Hell everyone was suffering, the house was feeling wicked hell
The cat got sold, the dog got old, the food got cold!
Both of our tempers were on swolle
For the most part you fuss, fight, fart!
You build it up to break it down and now take it from the start
Repeatedly leading a path that only ends in a clash
Of two stubborn minds, grown folks blind to the sign!

[Hook]

[Verse 3:] K-O, knocked out by technicality
The love has kissed the canvas
Now the whole family is mad at me
My daughter don't want me at her PTA meetings
And then my son he can't talk, when I change him he's peeing
I think he's pissed!
I can't dismiss the matter of the fact because he saw you and me argue
Now the energy is coming back
Set an example, a positive pattern, keep life on track
But I'm married to the music and committed to the wax, tapes and CDs
Baby please, you make me want to scream!
You're on my team starting first string so why are we arguing?
[Repeat]

[Hook]
Boom, Boom, Boom.
Heh, Heh.

[Big Boi]
Ready for action, nip it in the bud
We never relaxin’, OutKast is everlastin’
Not clashin’, not at all but see my nigga went to do a little acting.
Now that’s for anyone askin’ give me one pass em’
Drip drip drop there goes an ear-gasm
Now you cumin out the side of your face
We're tapping right into your memory banks (Thanks!)
So click it or ticket lets see your seat belt fastened
Trunk rattlin’ like two midgets in the back seat wrestlin
Speakerboxx vibrate the tag, make it sound like aluminum cans in a bag
But I know ya’ll wanted that 808 can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass
But I know ya’ll wanted that 808 can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass

[Chorus]
I like the waaaay you move
I like the waaaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaaay you move
I love the way, I love the way.

I love the waaaay you move
I love the waaaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaaay you move
I love the way, I love the way.

[Big Boi]
Then the whole room fell silent (Shhhhh!)
The girls all pause with glee, turning left turning right, are they looking at me?
But I was looking at them, there, there on the dance floor
Now they got me in the middle feeling like a man whore
Specially the big girl, big girls need love too no discrimination here, squirrel
So keep your hands off my cheeks, and let me study how you ride the beat
You big freak!
Skinny, slim women got the camel toe within them
You can hump them, lift them, bend them, give them something to remember
Yell out timber when you fall through the chop shop.
Take a deep a breath and exhale your ex male friend, boyfriend was boring as hell
Now let me listen to the stories you tell and we can make moves like a person in jail.
On the low, hoe

[Chorus]

[Sleepy Brown]
Heeeey baby, girl don’t you stop
Come on baby dance all around me
You so fine (you so fine) you so fine
You drive me outta my mind (my mind, outta my mind!) Oooh baby!
If I could I would, just be with yoooou baaaaby
Ooooooh Cause you like me and excite me and you know you got me baby!
Oooooo!

I like the waaay you move (I like the way you move)
I like the waaay you move (Ooo you so sexy baaby!) (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaay you move
I love the way, I love the way (Whoo-o-o!)

I love the waaay you move (I love the way you move)
I love the waaay you move (Ooo you so sexy baaby!) (Whoo-o-o)
I love the waaay you move
I love the way, I love the way.

I like the waaay you move
I like the waaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaay you move
I love the way, I love the way.

I love the waaay you move
I love the waaay you move (Whoo-o-o!)
I love the waaay you move
I love the way, I love the way
[breathing hard]
Okay, here we go

[Andre 3000 - singing]
Yeah I'm afraid, like I'm scared as a dog
But I've got a new song, and I want y'all to sang alooooooong
Sang aloooooooooong..
See this is the way that we walk on a sunny, day
when it's rainin inside and you're, all alooooooooone
All aloooooooooone - yeah!

[Chorus: OutKast - singing]
Cause the whole, world, loves it when you don't get down
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da)
And the whole, world, loves it when you make that sound
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da)
And the whole, world, loves it when you're in the news
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da)
And the whole, world, loves it when you sang the blues
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da)

[Andre 3000]
Take a little trip, hater pack up yo' mind
Look forward not behind, then you'll see what you find
I caught a sucker dyin cause he thought could rhyme
Now if his momma is a quarter daughter must be a dime
I gotta meet her, don't take no shorts I don't use abbrevi-
-ation, I don't even play the radio neither
Only if I need to know the sports or the weather
I'm a cool type of brother but yep, your head I'll sever
from the neck - see ain't nuttin changed, hit the stage
Set a date sucker, in battle we can engage
I'll slice you, wife you, marry you, divorce you
Throw the Porsche at you, is what I'm forced to do
With my back against the wall, crack his back y'all
Naw, it ain't went nowhere like havin hair with stylin gel in it
Throw a curl in it
Dread that nappy shit up, throw a shell in it
Whatever floats your boat, or finds your lost remote
And this for dem niggaz workin at the airpo't
who got laid off, I take my shades off
If you look straight in my eyes, you still might see a disguise
Because the whole, whole, world, world

[Chorus (overlaps Andre's last line)]

[Killer Mike]
Player I grind, my focus is crime
Raw with the rhyme, I'm slick with the slime
My words are diamonds dug out a mine
Spit 'em, polish, look how they shine
Glitter, glisten, gloss, floss
I catch a beat runnin like Randy Moss
Ride dat bitch off like a brand new horse
I'm rollin my stone, gatherin no moss
Mami I'm comin I hope you get off
Or rock your own boat like Aaliyah then talk
Back, back, forth, forth
Get that sailor on course, course
Make that track a corpse, corpse
Rap, roll, utterly rocked
with my mouth to the mic and my hand on my cock
Cadillac OutKast just won't stop

[Chorus]

[Big Boi]
Turn on the TV and everything is lookin dismal
Went in the bathroom medicine cabinet Pepto-Bismal
Need it for my stomach cause my tummy kinda aches
like a junkie on withdrawal, fresh up off the plate
Wait, back to the enemy of the state
is the Republicans or Democratic candidate
Debate, now even the black box hold the fate
Clueless like Shaggy and Scooby befo' commercial break
Hate, extreme prejudice, let's dismiss this
If you want to you can dub it to your hit list
I know you gon' to, we in this to replenish yo' musical wish list
When it come to this music we stay relentless
Pursuing all that's pursuable
Doing God's willing all things that are doable
The only liable limitation is yourself
Dre set it on the right and I'll set it on the left, cause

[Chorus]
[Andre3000]
Have you heard the news?
They say a little 14 year old little girl had a baby on the way
Tooo much for her little mind to bare
And that type of news to her mama she cannot spare

[Hook]
Toilet Tisha, damn we miss ya
Toilet Tisha is the issue
Damn we miss ya, Toilet Tisha
Damn we miss ya

[Vamp]
Dont go away
Dont you dare go away from me girl I can help you
Dont go away dont you dare leave me
Dont go away, away
Dont go away

[Big Boi]
Five thousand, one hundred ten days
Is a short period of time a mere fourteen years
On this precious mother earth, you see Tisha had issues
And her decision making skills were still in its early stages
You know what I'm talking about
Therefore she could not properly handle a blessing in which
She thought to be an obstacle in her path to adulthood
Pause, Just like a brother with a thousand pauses
Should I shouldnt I I cant I have to, mama will never see me the same
Daddy and Big Mama I know all of them gonna be ashamed of me
Are just a few thoughts racing through her cranium
As she sits on top of the pale, cold porcelain seat in the rear of the house
The unthinkable moments away from becoming reality, sadly with no clue
And no way of expressing her feeling to her mam or anybody else in her life
Tisha done came to the crossroads and now she got to choose
Fatality, fatality, fatality, fatality
[Refrain]
Everbody on the streets
This a little thesis coming from me
When I throw up baguettes, sitting at the bar
Or smoking a little red life in my car
I don't know what you came to see
Nigga just out here feeding my kids
Throw up the duece and let me slide on by
Cause everybody wants to be a tough guy

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Cruising down the street, minding my business cause I'm trill
Stopped at the ATM, grabbed a thousand dollar bill
Now I peel like apples and peaches because I'm chill
And niggas around my city respect me because I'm real
But still the things I see from day to day it irks me
When I'm off in the '79 Seville or the Bonneville
Niggas wanna hurt me, absurd G
I know it, betta believe I tote something for it
And I got a slogan like Nike but it goes like this, just know it
And I'm not the type of person be riding around your block just flashy
Just came to the store to get some black and milds and a lil bit of 93 gas,G
Wanna blast me, get sassy, say negative things about OutKast G
Riding all on a nigga dick, all you had to do was just dap me, come slap me
You the bad man, so go ahead and touch my cheek then
But we'll be burying you and your whole motherfucking family by the weekend
I'm calling your bluff, go on and buck, I got my squad we trapping
AC gone slap this nigga, he ain't bucking, he just yapping, yea

[Refrain]

[Verse 2: Bun B]
Say, we took it from packing the pistols
To jacking this missiles, to stacking my crystals
Now my torpedo's even cracking your missile
When we start, ain't no stopping us
We too smart and too popular
Take your toys and we topple em
Resort to the dopplar
To the agent underground well known as Stankonia
Where trill as niggas go one and bad ass bitches be boning ya
I'm warning you, niggas i'll fill the middle of your moany
And make yo broad lick her pony up, its that platinum shit
Called zonia, tell Tommy blow me up
I ain't Mariah, bitch I'm the messiah can't no motherfucker show me up
UGK a set nigga, throw me up
Fuck catching a case bitch, i'll lace you and your homey up
Cause we the cream coming out of the crop
The steam coming out of the pot and the team coming out at the top
Your baddest or not, these niggas getting shattered or shot
Splattered for props, man you should'nt've left your gat at your spot

[Refrain]

[Verse 3: Pimp C]
Pimp C bitch I'm a country star
I got a country mansion and a country car
I got a country bitch, I made a country son
I got some country nuts, I keep a country gun
I don't fuck with nobody in this shit but Bun
So if you pay me a mil, you gotta give that nigga one
Fuck boys talk shit, but them bitch niggas know
And UGK run the streets and we put dick in your ho
Whether weed or blow, I keep an open store
I keep my hair cut low, .44 on the floor
You can test me Snow, we got the glass for sho
Get your mind on your money, cause you playing with your dough
Bitches who ready to go, say you moving to slow
If you wasn't bout sucking it, what you fucking with me for
The quarters in the side in case you didn't know
I'm Sweet Jones Bitch and I'm an old school pro, pro, pro

[Refrain]

[Verse 4: Andre 3000]
Since the beginning of time, up to the present of now
There are beauty shop playas also intelligent clowns
Got they blue cuts with brown, booty grinding the ground
It's the sound that's created when we get up to get down
Stimulate my imag-ination with exag-geration of stanking light
That can't be right but we laughed
To keep from crying, sighing, hugged by cutie-pie and
Death defying acts of a Blacks not scared of dying
Y'all act like you never take no bubble bath
Gone to Blockbuster and act like you ain't never cuddled after
You poked her, stroked, soaked her, provoked her
To reach for the sky when she's high on your holster
I'm posed to, roast you, toast you, close you
Motherfucking mouth for I'm almost closed to the end
So when they ask you what school do you attend
Say Stankonia High, then throw two in the wind

[Refrain]
Operatin' under the crooked American system too long
OutKast, pronounced outcast
Adjective meaning homeless, or unaccepted in society
But let's look deeper than that
Are you an OutKast?
If you understand and feel the basic principles and
Fundamental truths contained within this muzik, you probably are
If you think it's all about pimpin hoes and slammin cadillac doughs
You probably a cracker, or a nigga that think he a cracker
Or maybe just don't understand
An OutKast is someone who is not considered to be part of the normal world
He's looked at differently
He's not accepted because of his clothes, his hair
His occupation, his beliefs or his skin color
Now look at yourself, are you an OutKast? I know I am
As a matter of fact, fuck being anythang else
It's only so much time left in this crazy world
Wake up niggaz and realize what's goin on around you
Poisonin' of the food and water
Tamperin' of cigarettes
Disease engineering control over your life
Take back your existence or die like a punk
This is Big Rube, sayin right on to the real, and death to the fakers
Peace out
[Verse One: Big Boi, Andre]

From the bottom of my lungs a nigga be blowin, spittin his game
Comin up on ya from the South, the A-T-Liens aint changed
Cooler than most players claim to be
A nigga that's from the A-Town see
The home of the Bankhead Bounce, Campbellton Road and other city streets
Enough of the verality, fallacy, butter we speak not fiction
Speakin of pullin yo' girl lookin at Jheri curls you bitches
Everytime I ryhme for y'all, I'm lookin to prove a point
kickin a freestyle every now and then
but mostly off the joint
See I smoke good cuz see it go good wit them flows, why
the nigga the B-I-G like Tony Rich nobody knows why
but me and my folks, cuz yall niggas jokes like the joker
I'm sick of these wack ass rappers like I'm tired of hoes in chokers

Who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion
This side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin
But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs
askin where we come from...South Post Lodge

[Chorus:]

Its Just Two Dope Boyz In A Cadillac [2X]

[Verse Two: Andre, Big Boi]

This ol sucka MC stepped up to me
Challenged Andre to a battle and I stood there patiently
As he spit and stumbled over cliches, so called freestylin
Whole purpose just to make me feel low, I guess you whylin
I say look boi, I ain't for that fuck shit; so fuck this
Let me explain on this child style so you don't miss
I grew up to myself not round no park bench
just a nigga bustin flows off in apartments

Now who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion
This side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin
But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs
askin where we come from...South Post slums

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Big Boi, Andre]

It goes chromes to the Fleetwoods, Coups to the Villes
Hittin Girbauds and off these flows we havin the playa chill
In this atmosphere this ain't no practice here we cuttin the fool now
I'm doin ya at the house and throwin you out because I'm through now
Don't you love the way we clamin Bankhead, stankhead
Lookin around the SWATS for the herb that's never tainted
Fainted when you heard the bourbon servin on the block
And all you bitin indivuals need to check yourselfs and stop

Yeah tight like nuts and bolts, sluts and hoes that get evicted
I'm dealin wit Queens in my castle aint worth to risk it
Now tricks be lookin at me like I'm they way up out the pro-jects
Can't put you on my payroll, and no I ain't got no Rolex
or no diamond at the exit with a sign sayin "We'll rap for food"
My face is bawled up cuz I ain't in a happy mood
While my partner got the squeegee and the windex
Cuz somewhere in my life I done went wrong jus like a syntax
Error, bring the terror to your dome like P.E.
Prone to finish this out cuz this be a free-style

Now who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion
this side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin
but in the middle we stay calm
we just drop......
Drowning in the gray cell
To dwell in earthly hell
A pimp warrior fell
One-two! Sir Lucious Left Foot in the muthafuckin' booth!
Lucious! (Lucious!) Sir Lucious Left Foot has just entered

[Hook:] Might as well have fun `cause your happiness is done and your goose is cooked! [4x]

[Verse 1:] First rule in this thang, never let `em see you sweat!
Never let `em be a threat and your feelings you must protect `em!
As well as your rectum! Must keep self out of harm, out of danger's way
Let strangers play while you graduate and move on!
True happiness is not acquired and you won't find it for sale
Unless you're in jail and trying to get a bail bondsman to go on and post that bail
You would be happy as hell! You thought you was happy until that court date came
Couldn't abort that case, nobody to take your place
Family home at stake, too late to escape and get on the run!!

[Hook]

[Verse 2:] One upon a rhyme, one time when I was a child (Flip that smile upside down now!)
When I found out that Santa Claus was nothing more than Vanilli
It was silly, `cause my mom and pop they worked for every penny!
Didn't have many, but had enought to get by! Enough to get fly!
Only to start on New Year off in debt now you forget
Your happiness came and went
Like mom and dad's realationship, take a trip
You got the potato chips? I'll bring the hot sauce!!

[Hook]

[Verse 3:] 1979 Dirty South, Local Lounge (Flip that smile upside down now!)
I never thought that alcohol could ease the notion of the sadness
Now what used to be a happy home done turned into some bad shit!
Graphic language, mild violence and the silence of the fams!
No members to remember, but I know just who I am
I've grown into a man and like my nigga said we executed the game plan
`Cause we got that hot sauce!!!!

[Hook]
[Hook]
Every boy and girl, woman and man
When you feel you've done about the best you can
Muthafuck the wagon, come join the band
Vibrate, vibrate, vibrate, higher!
[Repeat]

[Verse 1]
Sometimes when it's late at night
And you have no one to talk to
Here's what you don', you go through that
Raggedy cell phone 'bout two or three times
Tracy ain't home, Tina ain't home
The Love Below start talkin' to ya

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
The circumcision has already begun
Desensitizing the very thing or thang that brought
you into this motherfucker in the first place
And when I say "motherfucker" I do mean "motherfucker"
Because Mother Earth is dying and we continue to fuck her to death
Play with your own score sheet, become the master of your own bation
And yes, God is watching you, but no need to be embarrassed
For the future is in your hands, no the future is in your hand
Play with your own score sheet

[Hook]
[Verse One: Big Boi]

In the zone like Keyser Soze, always the Usual Suspect
No check, all I got in this game is my respect
and Southern pride I be, checkin my fuckin head
Scared, lookin up in your face, boi I see dead
If you test like SAT, then I guess that we may be, enemies
In the P's freestyles be freebies
I be that wrong nigga to fuck with, wouldn't I
Wouldn't I be the wrong one to try, never eating chicken thighs
Only the twenty piece mojo, flow zone like Flo Jo
I wanted to figure out, just how low could yo' hoe go
The beat hit like Beat Street, Krush Groove and Breakin
Never bakin, rebukin Satan, we had you waitin
For the Second Coming funny how time flies when you're rhymin
La-Fa-Ce records, I think they got that perfect timin
to be doper than Sadaam believe the Nation of Islam
Fuck the police and the dogs, sniffin that dope up out your car
I think they overstep they boundaries
O.J., not guilty, that's how they found he

[Verse Two: Andre]

I felt the pressure like sun shinin, while raining at the same time
I kept on rhymin, not complainin
Storm bringing cats and dogs my catalog be the size of golf balls
Throw up your Daisy Dukes I'm Hazzard-ous to all you Boss Hoggs
And Roscoe P. Col' people, who could boost my locomotive
But enough of that everyone can rap unless they ain't supposed ta
I use my gift of gab to boast and brag in every rhyme I
compose won't y'all get sick of that, cause I know I do when I hear those
Flows that ain't hip-hop, you find that shit in the gift shop
But to each his own, my speech is gon', keep that shit up outta my zone
Long as you happy then I'm happy
Even if you just hate my fuckin guts go 'head and dap me
Cause I'm gon' dap you anyway and then go home and pray for yo' ass later
Cause we might need you in this war I'm wailin on you traitors
Like that...
Now get the fuck up off me nigga..

[Big Boi]
As I, struggle to keep my balance and composure
I'm 'posed ta, propose a toast to players on every coast-a
The lyrical roller coaster, mind-bender
'Stead of watchin these sucker MC's
I'm seein just how they lyin to the general population
Don't be patient, get up and stand up for your life
Don't you agree or understand we lost some rights at 1-1-9?
Come dumb, come young, come blind unwind confined
to the situation, we facin, cause in time, tick tick boom

[singers]
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom

[explosion forward and reversed]
[scratched: "You're gonna die here" - 2X]

[Big Boi]
When will we all, awake up out this dream
Come here and smell the Folgers, the soldiers are human beings
Man actin as if he was the supreme bein
Clockin the souls of men out like he was G-O-D and
W-A-Rrah, there'll be no tomorrow but sorrow
and horror will follow the hollow hearts battle for dollars
Politicians, modern day magicians
Physicians of death, more health care for poor health
Who makin us ill, they makin us kill
That's makin me spill my guts (chill Big, lay in the cut)
For what? I refuse to sit in the backseat and get handled
Like I do nuttin all day but sit around watch the Cartoon Channel
I rap about, the Presidential election and the scandal
that followed, and we all watched the nation, as it swallowed
and chalked it up, basically America you got FUCKED
The media shucked and jived now we stuck - damn!

[singing - "can't be heard clearly"]
[scratched: "You're gonna die here" - 2X]

[Big Boi]
Operation Anaconda - ask yourself
was it full of bleeps and blunders, did they ever find Osama?
And why in the fuck did Daniel Pearl have to pay the price
for his life and his wife plead twice?
See Al-Amin got life and Fred got dead, Hampton
To dampen the dream of all the Panthers
They got they answer for ransom
As we read together, as we dream together
Count your blessings whenever you feel that things won't be no better
But it got to, you gave me this microphone so I must rock you
Your brainwaves, airwaves, energized and SHOCKED you
Y'all got me, well I got y'all, long as I know y'all listenin
I'ma always bring food for thought to the table in the kitchen
Now eat nigga!
[Hook: Big Boi]
From the weave to the fake eyes
To the fake nails, down to the toes
Ha ha ha ha! We luv deez hoez
Ha ha ha ha! We luv deez hoez

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Don't lie you love them, if you don't you like them hoez a whole lot
Just like your mama Sunday cookin' turkey necks in the pot
You ready to drop your load like prop planes be droppin' that cocaine
You ready to turn your fro, from natural straight to a cold wave
Dat ho name Betty Big Shoez, she wore them Herman Munster heels
Popped a pill, now she's in your Coupe De Ville, passenger seat
I made her eat my meat while I was rubbin' her coochie
Injection in her top and bottom lip straight from her booty
So Do Re, blow me, Fa So La Ti Da Ha I'm tellin' the truth
You suckin' your tooth you treatin' her like a star boy
From a Figueroa to a herringbone
From droppin' her off to takin' her home
She tried to pull my rubber off with her pussy muscles that was wrong
The bitch is no good like lesbians with no tongues
You fucked around and knocked her up and now you say she the one
Nigga you dumb, you should have pulled it out and squirted on her eyelash
And let her face be holdin' the baby, now she after yo ass!
Yeah, I told y'all niggas
About god damn takin' them hoez to the cheeseacake Factory
Lettin' them hoez order strawberry lemonade and popcorn shrimps
They ain't goin' do nuthin'
But try to take all your motherfuckin' cheese! (Yeah!)

[Hook]

[Verse 2: BackBone]
Ay, ay, what's up lil' girl I see you workin' them Valente
She walk wit a fly Sashay
Look here say, I'm just a Fat Face I come through swervin' (ay, ay)
You love the way the leather grippin' your butt
Conversation kill 'em, drippin' em up
Relax Shawty, oh lordy, I quote the facts
Whippin' convertible with Daddy Fat Sax
I stay G sharp as a note of music
Call me fresh baked bread, make a broad lose it
I'm just sayin' they just can't stand to see me execute game plan
I slow it down, she like it - speed it up
She poked it out, I beat it up like that
Hit 'em from the back, had to increase that ho vocabulary

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Big Gipp]
Yeah, yeah, Gipp keep it double loco
Met up in Cafe Intermezzo for some late night pastry
Conversation hasty cause I was ready to dip
Sweatsuit velour so I ordered Kahlua
Fell in, hit her with the garden hose
Left her with the pokahose, got up and didn't say goodbye
Her face wrinkle up and froze
Why you leavin' so soon, supposed to
And ain't no question about that
They call me Big Gipp on the southside
Mr. Get Down in the veins so what's the word
Don't fall in love with good pussy off the top
Better leave for two months come back and pop, "study the shit"

[Hook]
[Big Boi]
February 1st, 1975 it happened
Was born in West Savannah way before I started rappin
My mamma had a nigga at the age of fifteen
My daddy was sellin that sack, now he's gots responsibilities
Stayed at me granny's while me mammy was at work
and she couldn't watch my every move so shit I started servin
Around Frazier Home, down in the West Side projects
Changin over foodstamps, and hittin a lick was next see
I'm just a playa like that, my jeans was sharply creased
I got a fresh white t-shirt and my cap is slightly pointed East
So flyin, or floatin, a Brougham is what I'm sportin
Sade is in my tape deck, I'm movin in slow motion boi
So meet me deep in the streets that's where I learned the capers
Us lickin blunts, lickin leaves, rollin reefer papers
I'm slightly slouched, in the seats off in my bucket
But the niggaz around the Ave. and the hoes, they love me
They wanna be me and my family too
Because the money that I make be puttin cable off in every room
So follow the beans, follow my lead through the nooks and crannies
It's everyday life off in my hood so come and holla at me
But go 'head on, with that foolishness bitch
Let me get lovely with my swerve because I'm true to this shit
And if you comin with eight dollars, you shit out of luck
Because the West Side ain't takin no shorts on the dime
So fire it up

[Chorus:]

Now now now nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, oune in my crotch
Diggin the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)

See, niggaz in the South wear gold teeth and gold chains
Been doin it for years, so these niggaz ain't gone change
They comin around the ghetto so you might call em soul
Been wearin furry Kangol's, so that shit is old
You might slang a rock or two just to pay the rent
Five dollars for a table dance so now your money's spent
You listen to that booty shake music in your trunk
as long as there's that "tic tic" followed by that bump
I'm down to stick a hoe if she got a G-strang
Cause the niggaz in the Pointe ain't changed, main
You might call us country, but we's only Southern
And I don't give a fuck, P-Funk spot to spark another

[Chorus w/ variations (repeat to end)]
[Intro: Big Boi]

Uhh
As I sit in my b-boy stance
With flip-flops and socks, and sweatpants
We finna enhance your brain, check it out

[Verse One: Big Boi, Andre]

Once upon a time not long ago
When the playa from the Pointe didn't have no flow
A nigga hit me for my tennis shoes, walkin to the sto'
Caught a nigga slippin, but now I lay it to the flo'
just like carbon, cuz I got the heat in my rhythm
Momma nay not, never braggin just to stay knot
Even when I was a younger lad I learned my lesson
Never talked to strangers in the trap and answered questions

The Pope and his folks got us under a scope
But for unknown reasons cuz we don't sell dope
That you distribute, we don't contribute, to your clandestine
activity, my soliloquoy, may be hard for some to swallow
But so is cod liver oil
You went behind my back like Bluto when he cut up Olive Oyl
Two things I hate lies and thieves they make my blood boil
Boa constricted, on my soul that they call

[Chorus: Andre]

Touched by the wheelz of steel...
Now show me how you feel...
Touched by the wheelz of steel...
Now show me how you feel...

[Verse Two: Big Boi, Andre]

It took your momma nine months to make it
But it only took a nigga thirty minutes to take it
Cut that kronk clean up I did, but I did so not safely
Don't want no AIDS, *clapping* no claps, or no rabies

Yo, we take no shit, like arms stuffed up commodes
Gotta collect call, they done locked up my folks
Low blow, hit me in the left ventricle
We won't be able to ride out till two thousand fo'

But not for long cuz we got a better sack to serve
Tryin to take you other people for your rims at the curb
Fore you swerve and bust ya forehead, go head, go head
More head for me, while you ride to the beat

Drop, like Tears, like For Fears, you know
Shout Shout let it all out, just for my peers
And pupils who feel like it's time to unwind
Like December 31st, on nineteen-ninety-nine

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Andre]

Okay, like this, yeah yeah
One time for my boy doing King shit
Two times for Legit and it don't quit
Three times for my folks in the drop top
Four times OutKast and it don't stop
One time for my cuz doing Queen thangs
Dead fresh to the teeth eatin chicken wings
Three times for my guhls in the beauty shop
Four times OutKast and i
[Intro]
Hey...Uh Huh...Well
Alright...How
Y'all Doing? Yes Mam
You're Mighty Fine

[Verse 1]
I've been around the world, seen so many pretty girls
But I still get over whelmed when I look in your eyes
Been from main to Spain but everything seems the same
I only feel the change when I look in your eyes
I know your upper class; I know you got those abs
Every man wants to kiss you, and I do too
Sometimes I'm just a clown, and everybody puts me down
I guess I'll come around when I look in your eyes
Tell me whats a man to do, to get close to you
I'm just a lonely fool, when I look in your eyes
Don't tell me no this time, if you do it will blow my mind
Have you ever seen a grown man cry? It's an awful thang

[Instruments playin']

[Verse 2]
I guess its time to say good bye, but I gotta give it one more try
I'm only satisfied when I look in your eyes
Oh please come home with me, oh don't you wanna marry me
I'm even gonna rub your feet when they stank OUTKAST!
How can I let you down, I guess I'm always gonna be around
I'm simply astounded when I look in your eyes
[spoken:] "the morning after"

What time is it?
7:48?
Where Where Where are my where are my panties?
Oh my god where are my panties?
What? I don't..
He gon' think I'm a hoe
Fuck that I liked it
I was drunk and it was my birthday anyway
Maybe I should just lay here and let him touch my booty
Mmmm.. but he don't even know my name

I know she think I just think she some kind of hoe
I don't give a shit about givin it up on the first night
That just let me know she know what she want out of life
What a hell of a way to goddamn wake up
Ooo that shit was good
Oo maybe she'll get me some breakfast
She so god damn sweet
Sweet as she wanna be
Oo I just like Oo i wanna lay in her hair
Can't fall for her don't fall for her ice cold (ice cold)
Maybe I'll just roll over and just lay on her booty
Yeah.. naw naw naw
Nah I'll just lay here and be cool be cool ice cold (ice cold)
But what if she's what if she's what if she's if she's the one
Navem nu, cuando sol 
Tutu nu, vondo nos nu 
Vita em, no continous non 
Nos nu ekta nos sepe ta, amen 

You can be sure 
Some will owe to get high 
you may hurt till you cry 
You may die... (you may die) 
Keep on trying (keep on trying) 
Till it's summer, in the city 
Till it's summer, in the city
Shh!

(Church girls)
You trying to leave here without us?
(Rooster)
Come on this way, both of y'all, come on this way... come on this way
Let me get a sample first

(Zora)
Keep your ass away from my husband
[B.I.G.]

1970 Somethin' nigga I don't sweat the date my moms was late,
So I had to plan my escape, out the skins,
In this world the fly girls, tangeray and hennesey,
Untill I call earl, 10 months in this gut, wut the fuck,
I wish moms would hurry up, so I can get buck wild,
Juvenile with the mics n shit, New York New York, ready for the likes of this,
Then came the worst date, May 21st 2:19 was when my moma water burst,
No spouse in the house, so she rolled herself,
To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help,
Umbilicle cords wrapped around my neck,
Im seein' my death, and I ain't even took my first step,
I made it out im bringin' mad joy,
The docter looked and said he's gonna be BAD BOY!

[Faith Evans]

I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time, before I even got the rhyme, before I had nickels and
Dimes, I knew that I was goin' somewhere,

[The Game]

Would 'Pac be alive, if you let 'Pac drive?
Swear to god to reverse it I give my left eye,
With the right I visualized, the king of bed-stuy,
Checkin his daughter tianna into junior high,
If I was in brooklyn, and B.I. was still alive,in 2006 it might sound like this,
N.Y. 718 212, with sues rendevouz,
Its like moulin rouge,
High fashion, up town air force ones,
And vasquez, puerto ricans with fat asses
Lace dutch masters, we dump ashes, on models and S classes,
For you bastards, catch a cab to manhattan,
With that broadway actin', u hype that belly shit,
Would u get u capped, and wrapped in plastic,
Tell the captain, S Roge was happennin',
Out here nor speak no evil, inside the Magnum

[Faith Evans]

I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time,

[B.I.G.]

Now I'm 13 smokin' blunts, makin' green,
Or on the drug scene, fuck the football team,
Risk it, rupt ur spleens, by the age of 16,
Hearin' the coach scream, make my lifetime dream,
I mean, I wanna blow up, stack my doe up,
So school I didn't show up, and fuck my flow up,
Mom said that I should grow up, and check myself,
Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself,
Put the drugs on the shelf, naww! I couldn't see it,
Scarface king of New York, I wanna be it,
Rap was secondary, money was neccessary,
Untill I got encarcerated, kinda scarry,
See 74' march 8, set me straight, not able to move behind a great steal gate,
Time to contemplate, damn were did I fail,
All the money I stacked, was all the money for bail,

[Faith Evans]

I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time, before I even got the rhyme, before I had nickels and
Dimes, I knew that I was goin' somewhere,
[Biggie] Yeah... fuck you 
[Lil Kim] Fuck you too!
[B.I.G.] Fuck you bitch
[Lil Kim] Fuck you motherfucker
[B.I.G.] You ain't shit anyway, fuck you
[Lil Kim] You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker
[B.I.G.] Yeah, whatever whatever
[Lil Kim] Whatevah
[B.I.G.] You wasn't sayin that when you was suckin my dick
[Lil Kim] You wasn't sayin that when you was eatin my pussy!
You a nasty motherfucker!
[B.I.G.] Check it, uhh
[Lil Kim] Crab ass

[Chorus One: B.I.G.]

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life

[Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]

Uh-huh, uhh, uhh
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain the game you see through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gon lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gon try
Like this ya'll, my girl sucked anotha nigga dick y'all
Light skinned with the chrome die six y'all
Thought they was creepin, two trips to V-A every third weekend
While you was sleepin, he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine go non-stop
Shoulda left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much
You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed
Way I hid dough under the bathroom towel
Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing
Then things got frightening
Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rosten
Guess you ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga
Asked my man Trigga, my ace boom coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sittin In My Room
Pissy drunk listenin to Stylistic tunes
Or the O-Jays, thinkin bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play
Baller, did she beep you? Don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was askin bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
You'll be all fuckin night

[Chorus Two: Lil Kim]

What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life

[Verse Two: Lil Kim]

Mmm, uhhh, uhhh!
Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker shoulda never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci
It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black nasty and matter fact ya'll
Shoulda seen the hoe, nigga pack ya shit 
You out the door, ohh
What about the fight in the Mirage?
I seen ya Benz, parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was ya friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep puttin up wit the bullshit
And still I, never sweat these bitches
Who be hanged like plaques on the wall and ya pictures
Scalin fishes, my love is concrete
Stashin ya heat in the passenger seat
of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me tryin to hold on
Teary eyed, damn a bitch steamin
Girls steady screamin, 'Kim you need to leave him!'
When I testified in court, couldn't think straight
thinkin bout the bitches I fought
over you, nigga half the shit you bought
And fuck you, movin is my last resort
You see nine outta ten niggaz, ain't shit
One outta five niggaz suck a dick
Ya mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me
Choulda kept the freak bitch off my canape
Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked ya dick, it's like smokin a roach
Uhh, I go from first class to coach

[Chorus One, Chorus Two, Chorus One, Chorus Two]
[Biggie]
We here (uh-huh)
We ain't goin nowhere (uh-uhh)

[Diddy]
Yall motherfuckers don't know what beef is

[Biggie]
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G. (b.i.g.)
I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seein (c'mon)
Will reach the fuckin ceiling, check it (check it)
My Calico been cocked, this rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop top notch playa hating won't stop (uhh)
This instant, rappers too persistant
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit
Make my name taste like ass when you speak it, (yeah)
See me in the street your jewelry you can keep it, (keep it)
That'll be our little secret, (shhh)
See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz (c'mon)
Hope they know my nigga Gutter fuckin kidnip kids (thats right)
Fuck 'em in the ass, throw 'em over the bridge (aaah)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (laid out)
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out)
Y'all got to go, all I make is one phone call
All y'all dissapear by tomorrow (tomorrow)
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow (no sorrow)
Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this (talk to em)

[Biggie (chorus)]
What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you, guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you guaranteed to be a ICU, check it

[Havoc]
I done clapped at the best of them
Been caused the death of them
These dudes don't want no more, shit is affecting them
Tops popped off, them niggaz from the bridge
Just be, wildlin' on you line that red dot on you, (take that)
Dont know or warn you, catch them all hogged up
Sober that ass up with clips, the ratchet spit
Number one with the buddhaka, henny-sour diesel
Ain't no tellin what I do to ya
It's obvious ma you ain't fucking keep it moving ma

[Prodigy]
Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow they shot 'em in their cars
I wish I was there, I would of shot back all em'
They fire return fire put it right back on em'
Sacrafice myself for you no problem, (no problem)
In the flames I burn for my niggaz thats gone
And the niggaz that took the hits on my niggaz you been warned
P's not the one, Hav not the one
You try to run up on us
We already bustin' the guns

[chorus]

[Biggie]
They'll be nothin but smooth sailing (talk to em)
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing (yall don't know what beef is)
All I got is heat and tough talk for you
Tie you up, cut your balls off just for you
Man this is straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya (c'mon)
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Cristopher (yea, chris)
Watch me set it off like Vivica (c'mon thats right)
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (close your eyes)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen (damn)
It's bad cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad I was havin fun (hahaha)

[chorus]

[Diddy]
Attention MCs........Attention MCs
Beef doesnt happen on records
Beef does not happen on records
You don't know what beef is, (you don't know what beef is)
You don't want no beef you fuckin fake studio ass gangsta
rapping motherfuckers!, (c'mon man)
Fuck outta here!, (fuck outta here)
Beef is B.I.G. not being here, (b.i.g. we miss you)
Beef is your love ones not being here, (we miss you)
Beef is every so-called ghetto superstar that rose
to the top and dropped just as quickly, (thats beef)
On some bullshit
What's beef 2006?
What's beef (that's beef)
Yall motherfuckers don't know what beef is, (that's beef)
Fuck all yall (bitches)
Bad Boy Bitch we still here
[Too $hort]
Beeotch!
Talk about these hoes Big..

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I got a bitch that suck my dick til I nut
Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up
Ain't that a slut (HELL YEA) she even take it in the butt
Fuck for bout a hour, now she want a golden shower
You didn't know that we be pissin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Luke and Biggie straight shittin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Lick your toes, bitch? (BEOTCH) Fuck no, you must be crazy
Squirt in your face and then I'm Swayze (bitch)
Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock ya
After Big Poppa, fuck ALL of Junior M.A.F.I.A.
The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked
Leave your number by the phone, bring yo' ass on home
I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way
With the flyest bitch gettin head on the highway (ridin)
My way deep throat on Luke's boat
When the moon rises, I'm cumin in her eyes-es (do it)
Just the way players play
Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day (yeah)
Sucked all day, smokin blunts, countin cheese
Fucking bitches til they assholes bleed
What you say ba-by

[Chorus: Too $hort, Biggie (repeat 2X)]

[$hort] All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
[B.I.G] Check it out, here's another one
[$hort] All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
"Don't take em to the crib unless they bonin"

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh.. uhh..
Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to barmitzvah's
The dick don't fit, use your lips cause.. (use em)
I'm feelin kinda itchy for a quickie
Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me
Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door bitch
Cause I don't love you no more
Which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me
You know me, I like my dick Brown like Bobby
Jim Duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot
unless she lick ass and blow dicks like flutes
I like em cute, round tits and fat asses
Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses
I wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night
The bitch drink nuts by the pint

[Too $hort]
Drink it bitch!
All of these hoes do that shit

[Chorus]

[Too $hort]
It's after midnight, it's time to come up
Fuckin with some sluts tryin to bust a nut
I ain't seen this many hoes in a long time
I wanna make em all mine (get down hoe)
but it's gettin kinda late, and I cain't wait
Bitch fuck a first date
I pulled out my dick, she called me rude..
.. but then she ate it like food (tramp)
Then she noticed the limp and the whip
Recognize game, you've been pimped by a pimp
Throw all that trick shit, out the window
You come up short tryin to doubt the pimp hoe
Too $hort baby, straight from Oakland
Hoe money is my fix and I can't be broken
Freak bitches all on my dick
We on some Brooklyn - Oakland, California shit (beotch!)

[Chorus]

[Too $hort]
You knew I was a dog when you met me bitch (BITCH)
Ha ha, fo' sho' (YEAHH)
Tell you anything you wanna hear right about now
To the spot, that's where we goin baby
See we goin to the spot
Do our thang like we always do
You ain't know?
[Intro]
Uh, uh, check it out
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh, um
(i like this, yeah)
Uh, yeah, 94'

[Notorious B.I.G. - Verse One]
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical duches in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies?
The back of the club, sippin Moet, is where you'll find me
The back of the club, mackin hoes, my crew's behind me
Mad question askin, blunt passin, music blastin
But I just can't quit
Because one of these honies Biggie gots ta creep with
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret why not
Why blow up my spot cause we both got hot
Now check it, I got more Mack than Craig and in the bed
Believe me sweety I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy I got mad friends with Benz's
C-notes by the layers, true fuckin players
Jump in the Rover and come over
tell your friends jump in the GS3, I got the chronic by the
tree

[Chorus by The Notorious B.I.G.]
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
To the honies gettin money playin niggaz like dummies
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the
place
Cause I see some ladies tonight who should be havin my baby
Bay-bee

[Notorious B.I.G. - Verse Two]
Straight up honey really I'm askin
Most of these niggaz think they be mackin but they be actin
Who they attractin with that line, "What's your name, what's
your sign"?
Soon as he buy that wine I just creep up from behind
And ask what your interests are, "who you be with"?
Things to make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while, I'm gon' go call my crew
You go call your crew
We can rendezvou at the bar around two
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease
Pull the truck up, front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly go fill my belly
A t-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, cause in a few, we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right boo (truuuueee)
Forget the telly we just go to the crib
and watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke l's while you do me

[Chorus by The Notorious B.I.G.]
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
To the honies gettin money playin niggaz like dummies
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the
place
Cause I see some ladies tonight who should be havin my baby
Bay-bee

[Notorious B.I.G. - Verse Three]
(How ya livin Biggie Smallz?) In mansion and Benz's
Givin ends to my friends and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream, fuck a dollar and a dream (whaat)
Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams
Choppin o's, smokin lye an' Optimo's
Money hoes and clothes all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure, whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However living better now, Gucci sweater now
Drop top BM's I'm the man girlfriend
(Honey check it, (check it)
Tell your friends, to get with my friends (your freinds)
And we can be friends
Shit we can do this every weekend (that's right)
Aight? Is that aight with you?
Yeah... keep bangin)

[Chorus by The Notorious B.I.G.]
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
To the honies gettin money playin niggaz like dummies
(I love it when you call me Big Pop-pa)
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the
place
Cause I see some ladies tonight who should be havin my baby
Bay-bee

[Biggie Ad libin']
Uhh, Check it out,
My full shit, for that ass,
Uhh, Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, 
Junior M.A.F.I.A., represent baby bay-bay!
Uhh!
[Lil' Cease]
Queen Bee, and Notorious B.I.G. nigga
The best that ever lived, the best that ever did it
The best that ever lived it
Cocksuckers, What's his name, huh?
That's how we do it ya'll
To all my niggaz in the house
Bad Boy, Who we die for
All day, everyday nigga

[Verse 1]
For the love of BIG, we bang out
Since my man died, we don't hang out
We blow brains out, we tear the club up pullin things out
Mafia World, all my niggaz max out
We Bad Boys, why ya'll niggaz cracked out
Coward niggaz, most are burried down south
Far from gangstas, really hush puppies
Niggaz bearly speak when we discuss money
Niggaz stay yappin when there's always somethin funny
The realest niggaz never took nuthin from me
Rock ice, stay jig, fuck with niggaz that got drunk, and hate kids
Got niggaz on state bids, that hate movies like Rosewood and Matrix
A yo, Biggie taught me well, Biggie told me how to flip bricks like cartwheel

[Chorus: Lil' Cease & Notorious B.I.G.]

[Lil' Cease]
To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name..

I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for..

Mafia

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Representin Bucktown
Mack 11's cocked back, niggaz better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring

[Verse 2]
For BIG I learn to grip aim and cock it
Once I got it, I lock it
Banger, big city boy with deep pockets
See me speak, that paper better be the topic
I like my ice frozen like the Antartic
I'm quick to finish it, your good to start it
And with the flashy colors on, you just a target, Waitin for a hard hit
I like marine blue, marine green, roll with a mean team
Meshed out, fresh out, and stay greams
We big boys, we do big things, born in this county of kings
I ain't got shit, I spread things, take things
Fuck whenever my mood swings, from the summer for the winter to the spring
My nigga ill's holdin it down for the beam
Like BIG said, we do the real things, we still bubble and steal chains
Still tustle, still struggle, we feel pain
Still ride, still die for BIG's name

[chorus]

[Verse 3]
For BIG I grip the cig, put six in your wig
Not cause of what he said, cause of what he did
When I hear that pop quiz, that's the way I was raised and thats the way it is for..
We roll like the Panthers, show our guns on camera
Do jokes with police scanners, niggaz mediocre, full of dirt like hampers
I roll with a bunch of niggaz that wear bandanas and rep...
We kept it thurough, from the heart ripped the barrel
B.K. style, see BIG howl, now
Lets see who, wanna go against Mafia world
Niggaz nuthin but squirels, they know we rep...
Niggaz tryin to get a nut, hit in the head or below the gut
Wood style roll'em up, get plucked, nigga what
Go back to spend a ton, and know cats wit gold tooths
Know my gat and bust for my nigga...

[chorus]

[Lil' Kim]
Now when I cock back and squeeze, my Desert E'z
Make you drop to your knees, barly able to breathe
My bullets move in threes, one for Brook-lyn
One for Mafia so take that, Uh, and this one's for...
You know Frank kept me iced out
Mink dragon, seven figures in my bank account
All that material shit, ya'll still tryin to get it
Uh, you fuckin pricks, get off his dick tryin to be like...
All ya'll lame ass niggas keep my man name out your mouth
Or get this shit right, check it, it's the B-I, double G-I, E
Ya'll niggaz can't see Poppa, nor the Big Moma
Who you love... for the Y2G, the two ten
We got it sewn, we don't need ya'll help, we hold our own
Cause this goes out to cats not tryin to give it up
BIG missin us, shout him out...

[chorus]
[chorus into fade]
What about ten years from now?
Ten years from now, where do I want to be?
I wanna be... just livin', man
Just living comfortably with my niggas, man
In a pool and shit, smoking funny indo, 
you know I'm saying?
I got my wife, just lounging with my wife,
 you know I'm saying?
With my daughter, her daughter, you know
Just laid back, just chillin', you know I'm saying?
Living all my niggas is living
 where I think I be? Ten years, I don't think I will see it
For real dog, for real, man
That shit ain't promised, man
I don't think my luck is that good, I hope it is
But if it ain't, so be it, I'm ready

You're dead wrong

The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong
[T.I.]
Hey wut it is pimpin, Slim Thug n T.I.P. doing it B.I.G wit B.I.G (ye a ye yea..) yall understand wut im sayin (heyy..) PSC pimpin, yall already kno wut
It is man, its a bad boy thang man, grand hustle collaboration, yall already kno man, boss hog wus happenin (heyy..) A town pimpin

[Slim Thug]
Slim Thugga..
I roll scrap glock 40 in my left
I rap but still think like im grindin in the trep
Trynna dept to the change from the streets to the game
Cant be selling cds n still selling dem thangs
Cause bitches drop names n bring alot of piorblems
N puttin somthing in dey head the only way u gona solve em
Jack a stay plottin watchin ur every move
N the minute u snooxe will be the minute u lose, dude
Das the rules so I jcruise wit the 2's
To fix the damn fools dat think im slippin wit my juice
Breakin old habits so hard to do
Das y u see me on the same block wit the same crew
N everybody sitting fat living good
N im the only nigga dat be rappin in my hood
I was raise by the hustlas n gain by the g's n taught by the bosses howda stack that cheese

[T.I.]
U got rich n g shits still a part of u cause breakin old habits so hard to do
U still watch for da haters n the rugged crew cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit cigarsin the coup man cause breakin old habits so hard to do

[Notorious BIG]
Damn it feel good to see people up on it flip 2 keys in 2 weeks n didnt flawlet
My brain is haunted wit mean dreams gs's wit bb's on it, supreme skeems to get richer the Richie quickly
Niggas wanna hit me if they get me dress my body in linen by Armani
Check it, my lyrical carjack make ur brun splat high callable gacks is all I fuck wit now keep the rough shit
In my circumfrence mad bitches, wit mad noochies bulletproof vestes under they coochies spitting my oozie dont lose me,
My trigger niggas represent driving dirty in jay 30 getting bent
Until my hit hos my murder mamis
I b smoking trees in Belize when they find me while u still killing niggas wit my lali like cami and cyber supres cypress fucking roy on the floor wit
The finest
While I just slip coke smoke pounds of chope got lawyers watchin lawyers so I wont go broke now check it, dem country niggas call me frank white im
Spurtin off in my lawf of cousrse I kno my shits tight, suprise open my eyes still suprise got my shorty flying in wit keys taped to her thys wit lovely
Utincils suhen my suhen my china thing she half black half orientak 86 she got me rentals

[T.I.]
U got rich n g shits still a part of u cause breakin old habits so hard to do
U still watch for da haters n the rugged crew cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit cigarsin the coup man cause breakin old habits so hard to do

[T.I.]
I use to drive a chevy monte carlo bricks n blow all in it
I was taught to sell dis shit u putcho nose all in it
Let my bitch drive da benz but dem roads off limit
N how u call urself pimpin wit hos all in ur bidness
Wut it is the music bidness of the streets make the decision
I do dis in my sleep n u way outcho division pimpn
Dis game we play fo keeps n da rules remain hiddn
Dis aint a place fo laying da snitchin shit is forbidn
I was sittin in da kitchen n weepin wit hopes of getting back
All dat I forget to go blow see even 50 stacks
N now am sittin back thinkin bout the time
When a nigga get a 100gs think he went down
When I look for loyalty in the game it ain't fair
N thangs aint da same they change it aint fair
Real niggas there doin dey time n aint here
U commit da same crime come home da same year

[T.I.]
U got rich n g shits still a part of u cause breakin old habits so hard to do
U still watch for da haters n the rugged crew cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit cigarsin the coup man cause breakin old habits so hard to do
[Verse 1]
I was a terror since the public school era
Bathroom passes, cuttin' classes, squeezin' asses
Smoking blunts was a daily routine
Since 13, a chubby nigga on the scene
I used to have the trey-deuce
And the deuce-deuce in my bubblegoose
Now I got the Mac in my knapsack
Lounging black, smoking sacks up in Ac's
And Sidekicks with my sidekicks rocking fly kicks
Honeys want to chat
But all we wanna know is "Where the party at?"
And can I bring my gat?
If not, I hope I don't get shot
But I throw my vest on my chest
Cause niggas is a mess
It don't take nothing but fronting
For me to start something
Buggin' and barking at niggas like I was duck hunting
Dumbing out, just me and my crew
Cause all we wanna do is

[Hook]
Party... And bullshit, and...(etc)

[Verse 2]
Hugs from the honeys, pounds from the roughnecks
Seen my man Sej that I knew from the projects
Said he had beef, asked me if I had my piece
Sure do, two .22's in my shoes
Holler if you need me love I'm in the house
Roam and strolling see what the honeys is about
Moet popping, ho hopping, ain't no stopping Big Poppa, I'm a Bad Boy
Niggas wanna front, who got your back? (Biggie!)
Niggas wanna flex, who got the gat? (Biggie!)
It ain't hard to tell I'm the east coast overdoser
Nigga you scared you're supposed to
Nigga, I toast you, put fear in your heart
Fuck up the party before it even start
Pissy drunk, off the Henny and stuff
Or some Brand-Nubian shit beating down punks!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Bitch is in the back looking righteous
In a tight dress, I think I might just
Hit her with a little Biggie 101, how to tote a gun
And have fun with Jamaician rum
Conversations, blunts in rotation
My man Big Jacques got the Glock in his waist and
We're smoking, drinking, got the hooker thinking
If money smell bad than this nigga Biggie stinking
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eating out my palm
She grabbed my arm and said "Let's leave calm"
I'm hitting skins again
Rolled up another blunt, bought a Heineken
Niggas start to loke out, a kid got choked out
Blows was thrown and a fucking fight broke out

[Music stops, indecipherable sounds of people yelling and arguing
Biggie breaks it up yelling "Yo chill, man, chill!"]

Can't we just all get along?
So I can put hickies on her chest like Lil Shawn
Get her pissy drunk off of Dom Perrignon
And it's on, and I'm gone
That's that
[Big] Huh?
[Cee] Cease-a-Lee'
[Big] Doggytyle.. YEAH!
[Cee] B.I.G.
[Big] Uhh.. to all the ladies in the house!
[Cee] Where they at?
[Big] Uhh, uhh, check it out
[Cee] C'mon Big

[Notorious B.I.G]
Another day in the ghetto 
One look outside I'm already upset yo
It look about a hundred-and-two 
It's a Saturday and Biggie ain't got nuttin to do
Uhh, I'm intrrupted by a phone ring [brrrrring]
Sometimes I wish I never got the motherfuckin thing
"Hello hello? Can I speak to Biggie?"
Yo who dis? "Taisha" Yo call back, I'm busy
Why don'tcha hit me on the box a little later
Washed up, got dressed, hits the elevator
Steps out it's the same old scene 
Dopefiend, crackfiend, eyewitness news team
I seen a honey with a butt lookin butter soft
I know she looks much better with them clothes up off
Sittin all thick, with the ruby red lipstick [SMACK]
That's the one I gotta get with

[Chorus One: Biggie Smalls]

Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

[Notorious B.I.G]
She said "If I get witchu 
I gotta get witcha whole hood rat crew
Whatcha I think I do? Sling skins for a livin
My name ain't November, this ain't Thanksgivin
You aint Michael Bivins
Mack it up flip it, rub it down
Do me baby, I ain't down
My name ain't Tupac I don't "Get Around"
You hittin this nigga, how that sound?"
Huh, first of all you got me mixed up with
Somebody ya done slept with, hold up
That's my Neneh Cherry shit, I got somethin slicker
Let me just sip up on this liquor
All I wanna do is smoke a little chronic
Slam ya like Onyx, and get ya hooked on 
this Biggie Smalls phonics, 102
How to squeeze 22's in them Reeboks shoes, HUH?

[Chorus Two: Biggie Smalls and Lil' Cease]

Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha..
Cause I got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
"Why you wanna get with me?"
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

[Notorious B.I.G]
I said walk me upstairs, cause I forgot my Phillies
She said "I don't care, just dont be actin silly"
I knew I had her trapped with my hardcore rap
And it wouldn't take a second 'fore I had her on her back
Foolin with the bra strap, threw on my Silk cd 
cause, "I wanna get freaky wit'chou"
Lose control on the skins is all I can picture
Now I'm about to hitcha

[Chorus Three: Biggie Smalls and Lil' Cease]

Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
"Why you wanna get with me?"
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

[Lil' Cease]
Uhh.. Lil' Cease.. yo, yo, yo
To all my hoes, respect due
Tamika sorry I left you
Michelle I'm glad I met you
You make the head feel special
Now I know it's official
That I can touch and tease you
Pull up my pants and diss you
And hit the door you came through
Its Cease-a-Lee, a.k.a. Mista Nasty
Germany style, these hoes they blast me
One of the chickenhead with sex appeal pass me
That's her hands, ankles, feet they ashy
I like the flashy type, who pass with dykes
With long hair, and they ass be right
I get up on that ass, see what that be like
I fuck a bitch good, if she ask me right, huh

[Chorus One (repeat 2X)]
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Nigga was motherfuckin HYPED UP
Nigga just grabbed the nigga, snuffed the nigga
and it was on from there
The motherfucker there wasn't nuttin stoppin him
(What what did the rest of his niggaz do?)
Man the motherfuckers was just ready for anything
Them niggaz was packin burners
Them niggaz was ready to fight
whatever we had to do holmes
Niggaz was on the real flipout holmes
It was just comin out like a motherfucker
The nigga amped be like COME ON, COME ON MOTHERFUCKER!!

[Chorus: repeat 8X]

Come on motherfuckers, come on

[samples play over second half of chorus]
"Man what you fuck doin over here?"
"Are you awake now?"
"Hell yah I'm awake man;
now tell me what the fuck is goin on here"
"Looks like the competition stopped by
to pay us a little visit, and check us out"

[Sadat X]
Let's go deep into the phrase, beautiful sunrays
off the baldhead, everything is real
Biggie me put on this joint so I'ma be the big wheel
Watch it Slim, hey Dad, place yo' bet on seven
Peace to one-oh-six, one-oh-eight, one-to-the-hundred-eleventh
Hey Biggie, I understand you're from Brooklyn
with 22's in your shoes, yo keep the shank ready

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhhh well, why not blow up the spot with Sadat
Release the BRAINSTORM, to make your motherfuckin BRAIN WARM
A strange form, somethin kind of lyrical
Biggie the bastard, Sadat's kind of spiritual
Well "In God We Trust", guns I bust
Got that disgustin, sewer style dumpin
and that uhh [singin] do you knowwwwww, where you're goin to
Do you like the things that I bring?
[rappin] Make an emcee wanna sing for a livin
Take the beatdown we fuckin givin, c'mon motherfucker

[Chorus]

[Sadat X]
What? Niggaz want drama, puttin work on my block
when I told y'all last week, that shit was too hot
Sellin pieces and treys, cuts my dimes
Somebody gon' get paid, somebody block get sprayed
Reaction is delayed as y'all run down the block
Caught one in your chest, your breath come in spurts
Hey yo Biggie tell these niggaz I'ma hit em where it hurts
The big city it don't spare no bodies
Call me papichulo, to all the spanish mamis
I'm about ten blunts down, drank three or fo' stouts
Seen five fat asses, passed this bitch with glasses
Hey yo money that's yo' stock, yo Bigs pass the glock
I'ma tell him it can happen, don't play me with that rap shit
Life is real, so Biggie take the steel

[Chorus]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh
I got seven Mac-11's, about eight, .38's
Nine 9's, ten Mac-10's, the shits never end
You can't touch my riches
Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches
Biggie Smalls, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
The two weed spots, the two hot glocks
HAH, that's how I got the weed spot
I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the landspread
Lil' Gotti got the shotty to your body
So don't resist, or you might miss Christmas
I tote guns, I make number runs
I give emcees the runs drippin;
when I throw my clip in the A.K., I slay from far away
Everybody hit the D-E-C-K
My slow flows remarkable
Peace to Matteo
Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniff the llello
That's crazy blunts, mad L's
My voice excels from the avenue to jailcells
Oh my God I'm droppin shit like a pigeon
I hope you're listenin, smackin babies at they christening
So you better grab your pistol
cause if you sit still, I'm gonna make your fuckin shit spill
And I'm talkin bout buckets, why did I have to do it?
Sadat said fuck it, you got a gun, nigga bust it
Cause I got mo' shots to pop-ya
Big Pop-pa, breakin you off somethin proper
Signin off is the hardcore rap singer
a.k.a. crack slinger, bring it anytime nigga

[Chorus]
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Yeah, ninety-six, for my Nordstrom Ave niggaz
My Fulton Street niggaz (hardcore for ninety-six)
Dangerous MC's..

Uhh (check it out) uhh
Diamonds on my neck, chrome drop-top
Chillin on the scene, smokin pounds of green
Oooh-wee, you see, the ugliest
Money-hungriest, Brooklyn Loch Ness
Nine millimeter cock test, wan fi' test?
And the winner is..

[Busta Rhymes]
Y'all niggaz know the rules
I blast on niggaz so --

[Notorious B.I.G.]
-- my fist never bruise
Land-still-cruise, Frank White paid his dues
Ask who's the raw, bet they say Poppa very
Look forward to me like commissary
All of a sudden, now every-body Big Willie
Done did it, come widdit, get yo' head splitted
or get your neck slitted, admit it, you overdid it
Your shit it, just ain't got that LOUD
Gold tooth shine like TA-DOW!
Biggie Smalls the illest and how, frays raise your eyebrow
By now you figure, he talkin bout that nigga
but your weak-ass assumptions, lead led to dumpin
IV to pump-in, you're feeling something
Catch my drift, or catch my four-fifth lift
at least six inches, above project fences
Turn meat to minces, jokes turn to flinches
When I rain I drenches, cleared your park benches (HAH)
Missed you by pinches (HOO) your talk is senseless (RRUFF)
Actor needs chiropractor (HAH, HOO) for cracked jaw
Yes I rocked your cheddar box (hah)
Dangerous you're not I gets down (HOO)
Twist your body [singing] round and round, upside down

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]

C'mon, yo, throw your hands c'mon
Bitch grab your tits c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
we bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's blow the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
and make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

[Mark Curry]
Uh-huh, make money hand over fist
The bo-vines roam where chickenhearts don't exist
Settin up shop, it's hands on in the hustle
Fakes don't kill nuttin but time and don't tussle
The process of elimination, fresh rotation
come and go and they death be starvation
In the heat of battle it's no rest for the weary
Snooze and you lose is the theory
The theory of a patient man, is wild beyond belief
Be afraid, you don't want beef with us chief
Your talk is cheap and the supply meets demand
Everything you can imagine is real man
and revenge be the dish I serve to cats cold
Stay up on about ten folds, you know how it goes
You know the streets and it's real as shit, c'mon
Niggaz grab your dicks, c'mon
Bitches rub your tits, c'mon

[Chorus (minus last two lines)]

[Snoop Dogg]
Awww nah, big Snoop Dogg
Slap you with my paw, all across your jaw
Break fool on these bitches while I'm breakin the law
You come up in my room look bitch you takin it off
Follow me, I slip em slide em rip em ride em provide em
with that West coast G shit, L.B.C. shit
We dips to this, make chips to this
and buy brand new whips and shit, uh-huh (beyotch)
I bet you didn't know that yo' bitch was suckin dick (say what?)
Who you think she fuckin with? (what?) Look here
My, Eastside lifestyle is way foul, move the crowd
Point a pistol at you bitch niggas, BLA-DOW
.. How you like me now? (what what, what?)
You got stuck and fucked, Doggystyle
100 spokes Day-tonas, bendin the corner
all up in Crooklyn, bad bitches are lookin

[Chorus (minus last two lines)]

[Busta Rhymes]
So you lovin us so much this shit is bleedin through you
If I worked in a resteraunt
I'd shit in the food and feed it to you
Most of my niggaz cuckoo, easy to gas to shoot you
Even all of them Haitian niggaz
won't believe this voodoo
Can yo' pussy be chaka, don't let me speak in pat-ois
and kick you in your face like we playin a game of soc-cer
I love to cock the glock-a, stack up on loot and vod-ka
And fuck your crew because all of y'all niggaz full of ca-ca
The way we doin damage tell me how the FUCK you manage
with my niggaz who marinate on foul thoughts and think savage
Them niggaz'll throw you in a manhole
and push they hand in yo' ass
and pull yo' head right out yo' asshole!
Parkay nigga we rugged all day nigga
You ready to fuck bitch? Fuck the foreplay nigga
This me for all consumers, my nigga FUCK the rumors
Three in the worst way of pure coke for all you DRUG ABUSERS

[Chorus (minus last two lines)]

[Chorus (fades out)]
[Puff] Bad Boy baby
[Big] Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
[Puff] Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..

[Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.]

The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
take her Gucci bag and the North Face 
off her back, jab her if she act
funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up [singing in background] niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

[Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
but Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
with no hair in between, know what I mean?

[Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)]

[Puff] Ladies and gentlemen..

[Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket
and baby I'm just, dyin to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong

[Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start)]

[Chorus repeats to fade..]

[Puff Daddy]
Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front door
I'm living every day like a hustle
Another drug to juggle, another day, another struggle

[Verse 1]
I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like you's the user
Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way, mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray, so you can reminisce
And wish you wasn't living so devilish, shit
I remember I was just like you
Smoking blunts with my crew, flipping over 6 to 2s
Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G
I got P-A-I-D, that's why my mom's hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out nicks went for 20 down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves
For chumps tryna stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment and he wasn't trying to hear it
Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court
For an assault that I caught in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand, cause man

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I had the master plan, I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland
With my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects
They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two tecs
And when he start to bust, he like to ask, "Who's next?"
I got my honey on the Amtrak with the crack
In the crack of her ass, two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon to make some quick cash
I told her she could be lieutenant, bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally lounging black
Sitting back, counting double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up, see what's up with my peeps
Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter
Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of
By some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch, swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks, I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy, she'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble
In the everyday struggle

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Giuliani
Ain't tryna see no black man turn to John Gotti
My daughter use a potty so she's older now
Educated street knowledge, I'mma mould her now
Trick a little dough buying young girls fringes
Dealing with the dope fiend binges, seeing syringes
In the veins, hard to explain how I maintain
The crack smoke make my brain feel so strange
Breaking days on the set, no sweat
Drunk off Moet, can't bag yet because it's still wet
But when that dry, bagging five at a time
I can clock about nine on the check cashing line
I had the first and the third, rehearse that's my word
Thick in the game, D's knew my first name
Should I quit? Shit no, even though they had me scared
Yo, they got a eight, I got a Tec with air holes
[Intro]

No...fuck the bitches, fuck all the stank-ass hoes, all my
niggas know...Junior Mafia click, Gucci Don, you know how we play.
Fuckin' skanless-ass bitches. You know how it go Boots...I
meet a bitch, fuck a bitch, next thing you know you fuckin'
the bitch. You just pass it around and shit, pass the shit like
a cold and shit. Fuck'em.

[Verse 1]

Now when I'm fuckin' those Jen I'm invincible
Don't love no hoe, that's my priciple
'cause uh, bitches come (and uh) bitches go
That's why I get my nut and I be out the fuckin' door
(You know) they might be the one to set me up
Wanna get their little brother to wet me up
That's why I tote Tecs and stuff to get'em off my case
Just in case the little fucker ends up misplaced
I don't give a bitch enough to catch the bus
and when I see the semen I'm leavin'
Bitches be schemin', I kid ya not
That's why I keep my windows locked and my Glock cocked
One hoe said, "Big, why you so hard on us?
Why you swear all bitches are so scandalous?"
Thug nigga 'til the end, tell a friend bitch
'cause when I like ya, then ya go and fuck my friend bitch
(And you know that ain't right)

[Chorus]

You know that ain't right

With a friend of mine [x4]

[Verse 2]

You see, I don't sweat these hoes
I keep'em in flavours like Timbo's and Jibbo's
Bitches just like to play the Mary though
(Yeah we know, drop the scenario)
It was me, Dee, the MPV
The blunts and brew thang, knockin' some Wu-tang
M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch
Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit
Light the blunt clip, and recognize a pimp
Needless to speak, the Gee's obsolete
Don't sleep! Banged the skins in a week
On the creep up the avenue
I seen her on the block, who she rappin' to?
That's my nigga Dee, damn he got Gee
Now she fuckin' him and fuckin' me, see
You know that ain't right

[Repeat chorus]

[Verse 3]

Uh...now I play her far like a moon play a star
She still sweat me hard 'cause I'm a rap star
I be cruisin' up the block, I be passin' her
Pimpin' hard with the female passenger
And the only time I call her to hang
Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, schemin' on a gang-bang
She should've used her intuition
Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen
She's sayin' I dissed her 'cause I'm fuckin' her sister
A message to the fellas, that really gets'em pissed, uh
But she started that fuckin' family
She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me?
Plus your sister look better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
So break the fuck out like a rash
I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass
[Big] Uhh
[Dad] I like that, you like that? Heh
[Big] Here's another one
[Dad] And another one
[Big] And another one
[Dad] And another one
[Big] Uhh, what, what?

[Intro/Chorus: R. Kelly, Biggie (variations on Big's part)]

You must be used to me spendin
And all that sweet winin and dinin
Well I'm fuckin you tonight

[Big] Here's another one
And another one
Uhh, uhh, what?

[Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]

Some say the x, make the sex
Spec-tacular, make me lick you from yo neck
To yo back, then ya, shiverin, tgue deliverin
Chills up that spine, that ass is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If its alright with you, we fuckin (that's cool)
Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fuckin in the park
Pissy off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between yo legs
You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head
Straight to yo mother's bed
At the Mariott, we be lucky if we find a spot
Next to yo sister, damn I really missed the
way she used to rub my back, when I hit that
Way she used to giggle when yo ass would wiggle
Now I know you used to sweets at the Parker Meridian
Trips to the Carribean, but tonight, no ends

[Chorus 2X]

[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]

Girl you look fine, like a windface Rolex, you just shine
I like that waistline
Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb
My styles genuine, girl I love you long time
I got you pinned up, with yo fuckin limbs up
All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up
Bitch keep yo shin up, please watch me do thee
Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mommy
I like it when you tro' it pon me
No love makin, strictly back breakin
Ceas' know, all his hoes, go to my door
Then they go to his flo', to fuck some more
So no, caviar, sharp bar, uh uh
Strictly sex that's pretty and left over spaghetti
I know you used to slow CD's and Don P's
But tonight its eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that

[Chorus 2X]

[Verse Three: R. Kelly]

Lets stop the bullshit baby
Let me take you to the stop, get you hot
So you wanna be with me, Puff Daddy
B.I.G., bring that ass to me

[Chorus: repeat to fade with variations]
But I would've loved to hear
A Big Pun and B.I.G. collabo
That shit would've been incredible

[Big Pun talking]
Aye yaknahmsayin, it was just happen
We have our day, you know?
I seen him, I seen him, I seen him at the pearly gates, yaknahmean?
We keep it, keep it, keep it going from there

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, I dream filthy
My moms and pops mixed me with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed 'em dead off, wipe the sweat off
Uhh, cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers
or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still

[Chorus: Freeway]
Nigga still gotta get his grind on
Come get introduced to my home
I grew up in the crime zone
Soon as you grown, you on your own, you keep your strap
You keep your chrome cause the streets is chilly
Now get your grind on
Come get introduced to my home
A nigga grew up in the pro-jects, end up gettin mo' stressed
Mo' money, mo' drama you know a nigga keep his armor
Cause the streets are killin
Now get your grind on
Come get introduced to my home

[Big Punisher]
Yo, yo
The penalty is death, especially when I'm mentally stressed
My enemies hang with me 'til I eventually flip
I never reject an offer to battle
Slap a coffin on the saddle
and rattle like a wooden horse to el barrio
Niggaz talk but they babble cause they ain't sayin nuttin
If ain't blazin somethin with the mac I'm in the shack bakin muffins
Fake the funk and get your rump roast
One dose of the toast'll make you jump if you come close
Pun spoke, ain't no more debatin; my Squad been waitin
for the perfect time to give you what you all been waitin
An orgi-nation of veterans built
with genuine skills to pay the heat, gas, and the rest of the bills
Invest in the real, don't get left in the hills
My tech and my steel turn your whole crew into vega-ta-bills
We blessed with the will to never surrender
cause my every agenda's in and out, unseen like I entered the ninja
It's my world

[Chorus]

[Fat Joe]
I got that new F-N, call it that faggot nigga gun
Couple of hollow tips make you faggot niggaz run
Crack pull up, everybody clear out
Anybody pumpin that rock is gettin aired out
I'm in that caddy with my bitch in the pack
Your mommy got a body but she itchin to clap
And I know you pitchin purple but we switchin the packs
Listen, don't make me hurt you I'm just givin the facts
On that I 9-5 swirvin to a town near you
My niggaz watch out for that Black Surburbans
And no it's not the Feds, man papi's home
And papi got it good, he could put you on
Listen, I done made abandoned blocks look hot
Nine to ten Benzes, a couple of drops
Couple of rubber bands from the corrupt cops
Just to see my niggaz eat and shit and huggin the blocks
Crack a chestize 'em, right besides 'em
In front of a hundred million viewers, shouldn't surprise 'em
We from the Bronx where the may-ors lift up
And niggaz get shot in broad day cause we don't give a...
Fuck little niggaz on bike and just shoot you
All for a pair of some Nikes, the shits brutal
I done seen fiends O.D., shot the wrong pack
Then they call the shit the bomb smack
Word to Crack, the god body, the hard body, the realest ever
The John Gotti, this rap shit, will it kill me? Never

[Notorious B.I.G.]
This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
be Mor-gan than Freeman
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screwfaces, cause when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
To old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize
in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit
When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin
Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin broads home
On the phone with the chip, with these Cristal chicks
Bout to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit
Yeah 
Motherfuckers better know... huh, huh 
Lock your windows, close your doors 
Biggie Smalls, huh... yeah 
(*scratching* "I'm a bad, bad, boy..") 

[Notorious B.I.G.] 
My man Inf left a Tec and a nine at my crib 
Turned himself in, he had to do a bid 
A one-to-three, he be home the end of '93 
I'm ready to get this paper, G, you with me? 
Motherfucking right, my pocket's looking kind of tight 
and I'm stressed, yo Biggie let me get the vest 
No need for that, just grab the fucking gat 
The first pocket that's fat the Tec is to his back 
Word is bond, I'm a smoke him yo don't fake no moves (what?) 
Treat it like boxing: stick and move, stick and move 
Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit 
I've been robbin motherfuckers since the slave ships 
with the same clip and the same four-five 
Two point-blank, a motherfucker's sure to die 
That's my word, nigga even try to bogart 
have his mother singing "It's so hard..." 
Yes, love love you're fucking attitude 
Because the nigga play pussy that's the nigga that's getting screwed 
And bruised up from the pistol whipping 
Webs on the neck from the necklace stripping 
Then I'm dipping up the block and I'm robbing bitches too 
Up the herring bones and bamboos 
I wouldn't give fuck if you're pregnant 
Give me the baby rings and a #1 MOM pendant 
I'm slamming niggaz like Shaquille, shit is real 
When it's time to eat a meal I rob and steal 
cause Mom Duke ain't giving me shit 
so for the bread and butter I leave niggaz in the gutter 
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous 
Crazier than a bag of fucking Angel Dust 
When I bust my gat motherfuckers take dirt naps 
I'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at? 
(*sample* "But he's sticking you, and taking all of your money..") 

[Chorus 8X] 
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot 
(*scratching* "I'm a bad, bad, boy..") 

[Notorious B.I.G.] 
Big up, big up, it's a stick up, stick up 
And I'm shooting niggaz quick if you hiccup 
Don't let me fill my clip up in your back and head piece 
The opposite of peace sending Mom Duke a wreath 
You're talking to the robbery expert 
Stepping to your wake with your blood on my shirt 
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over being resistant 
Cause when I lick shots the shits is persistent 
Huh, goodness gracious the papers 
Where the cash at? Where the stash at? 
Nigga, pass that before you get your grave dug 
from the main thug, .357 slug 
And my nigga Biggie got an itchy one grip 
One in the chamber, 32 in the clip 
Motherfuckers better strip, yeah nigga peel 
Before you find out how blue steel feel 
from the Beretta, putting all the holes in your sweater 
The money getter motherfuckers don't have better 
Rolex watches and colourful Swatches 
I'm digging in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it 
Man, niggaz come through I'm taking high school rings too 
Bitches get *strangled* for they earrings and bangles 
And when I rock her and drop her I'm taking her door knockers 
And if she's resistant "baka! baka! baka!" 
So go get your man bitch he can get robbed too 
Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do? 
I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it 
and if I set it the cocksucker won't forget it 
(*sample* "But he's sticking you, and taking all of your money..") 

[Chorus 8X] 
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot 
(*scratching* "I'm a bad, bad, boy..") 

[Notorious B.I.G.] 
Man, listen all this walking is hurting my feet 
But money looks sweet (where at?) in the Isuzu jeep 
Man, I throw him in the Beem, you grab the fucking C.R.E.A.M 
And if he start to scream "bam! bam!", have a nice dream 
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car 
Fur coats and diamonds, she thinks she a superstar 
Ooh Biggie, let me jack her, I kick her in the back 
Hit her with the gat... 
Yo chill, Shorty, let me do that 
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block 
The bitch act shocked, gettin shot on the spot 
(Oh shit! The cops!) Be cool, fool 
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts 
(So why the fuck he keep lookin?) I guess to get his life tooken 
I just came home, ain't trying to see Central Booking 
Oh shit, now he lookin in my face 
You better haul ass cause I ain't with no fucking chase 
So lace up your boots, cause I'm about to shoot 
A true motherfucker going out for the loot
[phone number being dialed]
[phone rings three times]
[Biggie] Yo!
[P. Dad] Yo Big wake up wake up baby
[Biggie] Mmm, yo...
[P. Dad] Yo Big wake yo' ass up c'mon
[Biggie] I'm up! I'm up. *mumbling* I'm up I'm up
[P. Dad] Big, wake up!
[Biggie] I'm up baby, what the fuck, man? What's up?
[P. Dad] C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight
[Biggie] Mmm, *mumbling* yeah
[P. Dad] Yo Big Big, Big
[Biggie] Yeah I hear you dogg, I hear you, alright, 7:30
[P. Dad] Yo take down this information
[Biggie] Ain't no pen
[P. Dad] Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin
[Biggie] Aight honey, yeah write this down
[P. Dad] Aight, ummm, flight five-oh-four
[Biggie] Five-oh-four
[P. Dad] Leaving Kennedy
[Biggie] mumbling Kennedy
[P. Dad] On the L-A-X
[Biggie] Oh! Cali??
[P. Dad] No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper
[Biggie] Ahh, no doubt, aight
[P. Dad] You aight?
[Biggie] I'm up, I'm up
[P. Dad] Yo Big
[Biggie] I'm UP man
[P. Dad] Flight five-oh-four
[Biggie] Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport
[P. Dad] California
[Biggie] Yeh
[phone clicks]

[Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]
When the lala hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that ya hat can't fit ya
Either I'm witcha or against ya
Format venture, back through that maze I sent ya
Talkin to the rap inventor
Nigga wit the game tight, Bic that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, Double-G, I-E
Iced out lights out, me and Ceasar Leo
Gettin head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women, and the weed -- sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the Hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad cause I got my dick sucked
and my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
Its the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see Juan/one
Sippin on booze in the House of Blues

[Chorus: repeat 4X]
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali

[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]
If I got to choose a coast I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breasts in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggaz is a mess
Thinkin I'm gon stop, givin L.A. props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
People start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G.
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.]
Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whippin on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Paid a visit to Versace stores
Bet she suck until I ain't got no more, only in L.A.
Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck yo' man
Fuck your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, 5 G's at show gate
Or do you wanna see about seven digits
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit
[Chorus]
[Chorus]
[Chorus: Again to fade]
[Chorus: Bob Marley - sample from "Johnny Was"]
Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

[Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.]
When I die, fuck it I wanna go to (hell)
Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit' the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
God will probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion

[Chorus: Bob Marley]
Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

[Verse 2: Notorious B.I.G.]
I swear to God I just want to (slit) my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red
I'm glad I'm (dead), a worthless fuckin' buddah head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't,
I can't believe (suicide's) on my fuckin' mind
I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
Naw you wouldn't understand
You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
She knew me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies

[Chorus: Bob Marley]
Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

[Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.]
I reach my peak, I can't speak,
call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak
I'm sick of niggaz lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' [echoes]
[Biggie]
Check the pain I inflict, like a convict, the Fulton digger
Jump in the Acura Vigor, after I stick ya
Rip ya like a razor, straight up Henny with no chaser
Watch me erase ya, misplace ya
Put you in the back with the derelicts
Yeah, I pop plenty shit
Chump, I'm making hits
No time for the crack rock and shit
Took it to another level
Now I'm getting crazy papes, getting paid from the devils
Another amateur trying to damage the pedigree
Of the B-I-G-G-I-E, you know it's me
Hoes I thought you know I'm smooth as a babies ass
Smooth as Teeddy Pendegrass, smoke the grass, get in your ass
The Brooklyn born Teflon don, wrecking shop
Getting props, proving nobody drops
Words as potent as the blunt smoking Bed-Stuy bandit
And niggas just can't understand it
I bust a cap for the brothers in Nap Nap, Comstock, and Clinton
You know my shit is hitting
Yeah ya'll a fly nigga, Biggie Smalls
Kicking flavor, make a nigga wanna dig up in they drawers
For the burner, catch a body
I got styles like karate
Jujitsu, when I hit you then I split you
Like a cantaloupe
Hope you got a rope to hang yourself
I rob for self, from Brooklyn, where else
Fat like a Lexus coupe, I'll rip your troop
Not even Lois Lnae could get the scoop
What you think I'm stupid
My crew is mad deep
I hope you niggas sleep

[B.G.]
I throw a bomb through you window
Burn you up and your hoe
I catch your mama going to therapy
And cut her throat
You lil' sister walking home from school
I abduct her, then I fuck her
I hit ya park close up with the Louisville Slugger
BGeezy is the hustla, ignorant motherfucker
I was taught how to bust heads by the best head busters
Cluckers, you know I got'em 2 for 1 my nigga
I'm on V.L. if you want me, get some my nigga, come on

[Big Tymer]
Thuggin is my thing, if I'm beefing I'm banginhg
Slanging, it's in my nature, gotta be about my paper
Haters, I don't like'em, bitches, I don't trust'em
Niggas, I can't stand'em, I creep down and pluck'em
Strap say in my hand, I gotta protect mine
Niggas trying to pull it off, pop goes the nine
That's how it gotta be in these uptown streets
And a nigga like me, I play the game for keep

[Juvenile]
I remember when niggaz slang heroin up in balloons
I paid attention to everything , from killings to cartoons
Got a picture of Malcolm X on the wall in my room Bitch
on some ol' nigga fuck wit me I'ma do 'em shit
Nigga give me dope, I accept it, but don't respect him
Put my foot in they rectum right after I dome check 'em
I be popping D, smoking weed, and full of that Hennesey
Fresh off the streets on my way to the penitentiary
Everybody whisper in ears when they gone mention me
I been out doing it for years, since elementary
Real good relationship with guns and drugs
Because my whole neighborhood consist of crook and thugs
Everything is my own shit cause I don't fuck with scrubs
I don't need you harassing me when I'm up in the club
Trying to hustle a nigga, asking me for a dub
Quarter, ki's, and halfs is what I sling, cause that's what I love

[Turk]
I know you bitches know that I ain't to be played with
Dont have no picks and chooses who get they head split
They die quick, fuckin' with Turk, wodie get whacked
Spend a bin with Kevin and Randy leave ya flat on you back
and trust that, ain't bout to let no nigga steal me
Fuck that, I bust back with 223
Big and full of that raw with no cut and be ready to creep
Innocent people move 'cause somebody fix'n to get split

[Lil' Wayne]
Na, Na, it's iceberg shorty, Lordy have mercy
Come from under my shirts and flip'em and reverse'em
I'm coming so alert them
(Ur, Ur) fore I hurt them, desert eagle bursting
You haven't seen the worst and
I'm right near you and my gun blast quick, dog
Could kill you so run, dash, get gone
Wodies movin slow around this time they got bricks dog
I ain't got bricks dog, nigga break it off, what

[Puff Daddy]
Un huh, B.I.G. with the Cash Money Millionaires, forever
Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Baby, Turk, B.G., Manny Fresh
Slim, CEO, and me P. Diddy, B.I.G, Born Again
And we won't stop, get money niggas
Akon... and B-I-G

[BIG]
Niggaz talkin but aint livin it
Cristyle pac I'm sippin it
Mobb hats and lizard shit
Gator talks bitch, rollin blunts wit the wheelist of da wheelies
Hitch link cop, on 1s and nine millis, stories like a motherfucker
Model bitchs wonderin if I'ma fuck wit her, she noe I treat my bitches like gavana
Dolce and gabana drippin, big poppa neva slippin
H class diamonds shining, dinner with wifey whining, dining
Smokin cigars and bolbatar with columbian niggas named panama and engrigay and shit
Games we play life envy, bitches bending over with ease for a pair of Moschino jeans
I got my carrot tank top I got your banked stopped, sofa's on top
Benjamins under the rest of them
Advancing from duplex 2 mansion
Staching keys, hiding g's ova seas, vcr's in my beat
Game on my , money I make into stocks and real estate bitch
Jet skiing in the Carribean, white sand discusing plans with my man,
Dark blue land, smoke tint, crome rims
And a system that leave my rear views trembling
Whatchu gone do wen poppa catch your attitude,
Drop 2 your knees and show gratitude
Kiss my ring it's a frank white thing
I stay potent, bitches devoted take my dick and deep throat it

[Akon - Chorus]
Eternal sunshine, in this elevated world of mine
Lookin for this hour glass of time
Tryna find my purpose on this grand design
Is there anybody out there living
4, 5, 6's on the streets they shootin
Is there any money out ther for me
U just listen 2 this hustler's story
Uhhh, uhhh, uh, c'mon

[Verse One:]

Hah, sicka than your average Poppa
Twist cabbage off instinct niggaz don't think shit stink
pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if they head right, Biggie there every night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
do something to us, talk go through us
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (ehehehe)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3
(Take that, take that, take that, haha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggaz frontin ain't sayin nuttin (nope)
So I just speak my piece, (c'mon) keep my piece
Cubans with the Jesus piece (thank you God), with my peeps
Packin, askin who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

[Chorus: sung in imitation of part of Slick Rick's "La-Di-Da-Di"]

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (hah)

[Verse Two:]

I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (uh-huh)
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (that's right)
All Philly hoes, dough and Moschino (c'mon)
Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi (haaaaah!)
Now who's the real dookie, meanin who's really the shit
Them niggaz ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass
Gon' blast squeeze first ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin bout blunts and broads
Tits and bras, menage-a-tois, sex in expensive cars
I still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment
At my arraignment, note for the plantiff
Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement (shhh)
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (not guilty)
Richer than Richie, till you niggaz come and get me

[Chorus:]

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

[Verse Three:]

I can fill you with real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly
Wreck it buy a new one
Your crew run run run, your crew run run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit
flows girls say he's sweet like licorice
So get with this nigga, it's easy
Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (that's right)
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin (uhh)
for certain, Poppa freakin, not speakin
Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo
Tell them hoe, take they clothes off slowly
Hit em wit the force like Obe, dick black like Toby (Obe...Toby)
Watch me roam like Gobe, lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe show me, homey.. (say what, homey)

[Chorus:]

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
[fades]
Who y'all talkin to man?
Uhh
Check it out, check it out
This here goes out
to all the niggaz that be fuckin mad bitches
in other niggaz cribs
thinkin shit is sweet
Nigga creep up on your ass, hahaha
Live niggaz respect it, check it

I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfuckin hoes for ya
Niggaz think Frankie pussy whipped, nigga picture that
With a Kodak, Insta-ma-tak
We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
Sweetness, where you parked at?
Petiteness but that ass fat
She got a body make a nigga wanna eat that, I'm fuck witchu
The bitch official doe, dick harder than a missile yo
Try to hit if she trippin dissapearin like Arsenio
Yo, the bitch push a double-oh
with the five in front, probably a connivin stunt
Y'all drive in front, I'm a peel with her
Find a deal with her, she fuck around and steal, huh?
Then we all get laced
Television's, Versacci heaven, when I'm up in em
The shit she kicked, all the shit's legit
She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks
Nigga tricked ridiculous, the shit was plush
She's stressin me to fuck, like she was in a rush
We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
I'm in his ass while he playin gainst the Utah Jazz
My 112, CD blast, I was past
She came twice I came last, roll the grass
She giggle, say I don't smoke it on homegrown
Then I heard her moan, honey I'm home
Yep, tote chrome for situations like this
I'm up in his broad I know he won't like this
Now I'm like bitch you better talk to him
Before this fist put a spark to him
Fuck around shit get dark to him, put a part through him
Lose a major part to him, arm, leg
She beggin me to stop but this cat gettin closer
Gettin hot like a toaster, I cocks the toast, uhh
Before my eyes could blink
She screams out, "Honey bring me up somethin to drink!"
He go back downstairs more time to think
Her brain racin, she's tellin me to stay patient
She don't know I'm, cool as a fan
Gat in hand, I don't wanna blast her man
But I can and I will doe, I probably chill doe
Even though situation lookin kinda ill yo
It came to me like a song I wrote
Told the bitch gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope
Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
Play the cut, nigga comin off some love potion shit
Flash the heat on em, he stood emotionless
Dropped the glass screamin, "Don't blast here's the stash,
a hundred cash just don't shoot my ass, please!"
Nigga pullin mad G's out the floor
Put stacks in a Prater knapsack, hit the door
Grab the keys to the five, call my niggaz on the cell
Bring some weed I got a story to tell, uhh...

Yo man, y'all niggaz ain't gonna believe what the fuck happened to me.
Remember that bitch I left the club with man? Yo, freaky yo. I'm up in
this bitch playa this bitch fuckin run them ol mink ass niggaz and shit,
I'm up in the spot though. One of them six-five niggaz, I don't know.
Anyway I'm up in the motherfuckin spot, so boom I'm up in the pussy,
whatever whatever. I sparks up some lye, Pop Duke creeps up in on some,
must have been rained out or something *laughing* because he's in the
spot. Had me scared, had me scared, I was shook Daddy - but I forget I
had my Roscoe on me. Always. You know how we do. So anyway the nigga
comes up the stairs, he creepin up the steps, the bitch all shook she
sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit. She gettin
mad nervous, I said fuck that man! I'm the nigga, you know how we do it
nigga, ransom note style put the scarf around my motherfuckin face,
gagged that bitch up, played the kizzack. Soon this nigga comes up in
the spot, flash the Desert in his face he drops the glass. Looked like
the nigga pissed on his-self or somethin, word to mother! Ahh fuckit
this nigga runs dead to the floor, peels up the carpet, start givin me
mad papers, mad papers. (I told you that bitch was a shiesty bitch cuz!
Word to mother I used to fuck her cousin but you ain't know that! Hahaha.
You wouldn't know that shit. Really though.) I threw all that
motherfuckin money up in the Prater knapsack. Two words, I'm gone!
(No doubt, no doubt... no doubt!) Yo nigga got some lye, y'all got
some lye? [conversation fades out]
[Verse One: Jay-Z]

We push the hottest V's, peel fast
through the city, play Monopoly with real cash
Me and Biggie and the models be, sugar nase and did he ask?
And parotta be, somethin you cats got to see
And the watches be all types and shapes of stones
Bein broke is childish and I'm quite grown
Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Python
Scope the spot out, see somethin nice and I'm gone
You cats is home, screamin the fight's on
I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watchin Ty-son
Same night, same fight
But one of us cats ain't playin right, I let you tell it
People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get
and any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars
Cats pop bottles bone chicks that pay for hors d'ourves
And rack up frequent flier mileage

[Chorus: Angela Winbush]

Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]

I'm poppin Magnums while Jigga bag somethin
Watch is platinum, got jet lag from
flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes
Make the best CD's and the best tapes
Don't forget the vinyl, take girls break spinals
Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit
You seen the Jesus, dipped to H classes,
Ice project off lights, chick flashes
Blind your broke asses, even got rocks in big mustaches
Rock top fashions
Ain't shit changed, except the number after the dot
on the Range, way niggaz look at me now, kinda strange
I hate y'all too
Rather be in Carribean sand to rake through
It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal
Bitches used to go, "Ewww!"
Still tote steel, tryin to see five mil
off the sin-gle, for real
You ain't fazin the amazin
While your gun's raisin, mine is blazin
See you on see me all talkin to sweetness
Take it for weakness and leave quick
Blocker, rocker, fellow, Bad Boy collabo
Two MC's with mad dough, jewelry on!

[Chorus: Angela Winbush]

I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
[repeat 2X]

[Verse Three: Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G.]

Miracu-lous, pockets stay full
Niggaz skip the bull cause we matadors
Snatch the P-89's that we pack in the drawers
And we, clappin doors in your Acuras
Snap like, cameras or amateurs
Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours
Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks in floors
Erybody got a part to play, back to yours
Run up in your crib now, crack your doors
Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss
Play the charts like the Beatles, y'all ?dapped and lost?
And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all
Too bad for y'all, ain't too many as bad as yours
truly, do we, we laugh at y'all
Little bastards y'all
Uhh, uhh
We hit makers with acres
Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us
Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq
Country house, tennis courts on horseback
Ridin decidin cracked crab or lobster
Who say mobsters don't prosper
Niggaz is actors, niggaz deserve Oscars
Me I'm, critically acclaimed, slug past your brain
Reminesce on dames who, coochie used to stink
When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links
Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places
Tito smile everytime he see our faces
Cases catch more than outfield-ers
Half these rappin cats, ain't seen war
Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame
Speak my name, I make em dash like Dame

[Chorus: Angela Winbush]

I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
[repeat to fade]
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Wooo! There's gonna be a lot of punchin in this motherfucker
Y'all better be swift with that punch button Jack
Biggie.. Biggie..

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like youse the user
Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray; so you can reminisce
and wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, ssshit
I remember I was just like you
Smokin blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's
Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G
I had to get P-A-D, that's why my moms hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out licks went for twenty down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves
for chumps tryin to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi, to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin to hear it
Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court
for an assault, that I caught, in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand, cause man

[Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo]
Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you
How I run the streets .. I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin G's .. I really wanna show you
Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I had the master plan
I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland
with my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects
They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two tecs
And when he start to bust he like to ask, "Who's next?"
I got my honey on the Amtrak
with the crack in the crack of her ass
Two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon to make some quick cash
I told her she could be Lieutenant, bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally loungin black
Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up; see what's up with my peeps
Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter
Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of
by some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy, she'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble;
in the everyday struggle

[Chorus]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Guiliani
ain't tryin to see no black man turn to John Gotti

[Nas]
Guns and diamonds
Bitches put they tongues where the sun ain't shinin
Take ki's til they spot us, snakes flee with consignment
This kid he got his krib rated, police found grams
They locked up, his whole fam; moms sister his old man
Nigga bailed his moms out, then he told on his man
Now they home, actin like nuttin wrong, hustlin again
He tried to be the next Frank White, and Escobar
Pickin up coke a fiend holds it in a seperate car
Cooks it up til it's bright white, cut it tight right
Then he slings it to the fiends, lookin like Fright Night
Coppin the motorbikes, the scooters, countin dough on computers
High technology dealers, to the users and losers
Half-leg DiDi, try to swap drug for TV's
Stores run out of baking soda from BK to QB
My niggaz die for the cause, .45 on the drawer
City laws made by Big Nas and Biggie Smalls
Bitches, holdin my weight in they titties and drawers
My bitches out of state get bust while they pushin my cars
Callin me up, callin me baller, call for they cut
Pretty hoes bring me my cash, swallow all of this nut
Seats on the Bent' stay nasty, push the dash 
for the stash box is where the cash be; watchin for task force
Cause I know they comin but I'm reachin my goal
Fuck bummin, I'm makin sure I leave this whole game wit somethin
Crib in West Palms for my dime, crib for my moms
Ridiculous, you lookin at the next Nicholas Barnes, baby

[Chorus (repeat to fade)]
[Intro: Jim Jones]
R.I.P Big
We some niggaz that's gonna make you proud of this game
Smell me? (Jones, Capo)
Cash Money (Santana)
Dipset (Lil Weezy)
Let's Ride

Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda)
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Watch It)
Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda)
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Weezy)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Mad trees and bitches in dungarees
The city under seas, kitchen 100 degrees
I love that summer breeze, I'll stand in it until it freeze
I'm from another breed, them sss, southern g's
I sip phemetrazine, I lean, I stand tall
I'm mean, I'm mad raw, I'm coming like fastball
Steee-rike, Yup, so get it right
Nigga, one of my sniplets'll end your whole life
You ain't nothing but a riblet to a nigga with a knife
In a fork, I'm a pig myself, I eat schwork
So be smart and play your own part
If you don't love yourself, I'll make you see your own heart
And we don't like the narcs, stay away from the cell
Hey, I'ma shoot it out if I'm facing the ail
Yea, so tell your girl to come and make me rich
Weezy Baby nigga, 9 to 5, 10 to 6

[Chorus: Juelz Santana]
All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
(Watch it) I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, It'd be your life before my life
At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
It's showdown time, throwdown time
Same d-off, four pound time
Clack Clack, go get yours, I'll go get mine
Check it man, I'm wit whatever
Goodness gracious the paper
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
I'll blow that ass back for fronting on a nigga like me
You got nothing on a nigga like me, you'll see
I'm on the grind from sun up to sun down
If I'm lying, may lightning come down and strike me right now
I'll turn a dollar to a twenty to a fifty to a hundred
Keep it coming til I'm full on my stomach
I'm stuck in my ways, I'm stuck puffing my hase
Hand on my pistol, front of it sprays
I'm stuck living the life of a ghetto nigga
Trying to get rid of the life, alright?

[Chorus]
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh.. UHH
Yeah..
Uhh.. uhh.. 
Uh! Yeah.. yeah..
Uhh..
I'm on..
Fuck em.. yeah, uhh..
With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit
Fuck her, never knew her
Screw her.. (dump her body, dump her body) sewer
Our father.. uh-huh..

What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin
Uhh, the lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin
Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question
How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
and my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake

[Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X)]

With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit
Our father.. if I should die before I wake

[Black Rob]
Fluck that
Snap a nigga shit, smash him with the fifth, watch his body lift
Shut his hottie's lips, bitch screamin, hit her body quick
Got me like the trifest not knowin how my life is
My life is, rap sheet long as the Turnpike
The sheistest, hey fella, who bidded with the lifers
Did it with the glocks, spit it witcha pops, you was in diapers
Loved me when you came to Rikers
Hated me all in the free cypher; mad you can't be like us
Some murderers who turn bikers -- see Biggie Smalls
recruited these snipers -- alumni do it just like us
Some pied pipers, squeezin life out y'all
It's all out war, be all wild as all outdoor
If a coward got beef, y'all be checkin his palm
Paralyzin my niggaz thorough kid, how bout yours?
Real quick to screw a nigga then, hop out four
Clean the wipers, hit the party up and, hop out yours
Bitch nigga.. whoah..

[Chorus]

[Beanie Siegal]
Yo when you fuckin wit Mac, you fuckin wit the best
Still wall to wall with them dusty Tecs
Man you know how I handle my shit, S.K. can on my shit
Jump out of vans like Hannibal Smith
Man I spit a thousand rounds, your squad don't need it
Shredders in a riot pump leave you quadriplegic
When I squeeze don't breathe keep it lined and even
So when niggaz get hit, they be cryin screamin
Lyin bleedin -- from that iron steamin
And I ain't tryin to hear that bullshit, I ain't mean it
Niggaz start bitchin, when that pistol in they face
or I sick two puts to come and get you in your place
If I catch you in my shit, I'm wakin my bitch
Hear take this shit, crackin the brick, facin that shit
Takin two sniffs, grabbin my shit
Best believe if I get hit, y'all niggaz takin some shit
Picture niggaz takin my shit

[Chorus]

[Ice Cube]
Niggaz never thought they'd see Cube and Biggie
in the year 2000, all drunk and pissy
off whiskey, you can miss me, actin gay
He's the King of New York, I'm the King of L.A.
Doin it the O.G. way; it's sorta like
the Brooklyn Way, it's just the crook in me
So this is dedicated to the memory of
the Notorious One, the glorious one
And if you go for your gun, I got to go for mine
Cock my nine, and seperate yo' head from yo' spine
So, "Grab yo' dicks if you love hip-hop" and
fuck you niggaz that shot Big Pop'
The conspiracy, of this nation, for assassination
of the young black male in this black hell
And I can tell, no matter the weather
that you and Tupac got yo' shit together
California Love

[Chorus]
[Intro:]

(Fuck all you hoes) Get a grip motherfucker.

Yeah, this album is dedicated to all the teachers that told me 
I'd never amount to nothin', to all the people that lived above the 
buildings that I was hustlin' in front of that called the police on 
me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughters, 
and all the niggaz in the struggle, you know what I'm sayin'?

Uh-ha, it's all good baby bay-bee, uh

[Verse One:]

It was all a dream 
I used to read Word Up magazine 
Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine 
Hangin' pictures on my wall 
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl 
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed and bamboo, sippin' on private stock 
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack 
With the hat to match 
Remember Rappin' Duke, duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far 
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight 
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade 
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner 
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner 
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri 
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky 
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would 
Call the crib, same number same hood 
It's all good 

Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

[Chorus:]

You know very well who you are
Don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars
You had a goal, but not that many
'cause you're the only one I'll give you good and plenty

[Verse Two:]

I made the change from a common thief 
To up close and personal with Robin Leach 
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day 
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way 
The Moet and Alize keep me pissy
Girls used to diss me 
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me 
I never thought it could happen, this rappin' stuff 
I was too used to packin' gats and stuff 
Now honies play me close like butter played toast 
From the Mississippi down to the east coast 
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks 
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak 
Livin' life without fear 
Puttin' 5 karats in my baby girl's ears 
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool 
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school 
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood 
And it's still all good 

Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga 

[Verse Three:]

Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis 
When I was dead broke, man I couldn't picture this 
50 inch screen, money green leather sofa 
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur 
Phone bill about two G's flat 
No need to worry, my accountant handles that 
And my whole crew is loungin' 
Celebratin' every day, no more public housin' 
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack 
Now my mom pimps a Ac' with minks on her back 
And she loves to show me off, of course 
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source 
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us 
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us 
Birthdays was the worst days 
Now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay 
Uh, damn right I like the life I live 
'Cause I went from negative to positive 
And it's all... 

(It's all good)

...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh
Uh, uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

Representin' B-Town in the house, Junior Mafia, mad flavor, uh
Uh, yeah, a-ight
[Diddy]
Its Bad Boy bitch
Scram Jones... the Clipse... B.I.G.
Let's go

[Biggie]
Niggaz in my faction don't like asking questions
Strictly gun testing, coke measuring
Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hitting fanny, spendin chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease
Muah!, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four, and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Leer
Yes my dear shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin, no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big dangerous you're just a Likkle Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success, escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all, death controls y'all
Big don't fold y'all, (big don't fold y'all)
I spit phrases that'll thrill you, (thrill you)
You're nobody till somebody kills you (I don't wanna die)

[Biggie (chorus)]
Do you know where your going too
Just a memory...everybody dying
When I throw my clip in the AK
May you rest in peace
Your nobody till somebody kills you

Do you know where your goin too
Just a memory...so you better pack a pistol
Everybody dying, death controls y'all
Your nobody till somebody kills you

[Pusha T]
Label limbo, I treat it like the wind blows
My back don't bend, see papi is my kenfolk
Spin out the work, as if its on a ten spoke
Soul benefactor the benz, he made the rims poke
Trust me they can't touch P, in one touchie
Turn drop-head coupe to dune-buggy
Admire the verses, their inspired by the hearses
That carried my niggaz, and had the church mothers cursing
Imagine the glamour that comes out the flow
Of a nigga who still play in the snow like Santa
The wrist is rushing, my ears is blushing
And the diamonds in my chain, big as grandma's buttons, (yes!)
On the flipside, the steel I'm gripping
You thought all the floss had me slipping?
Think again, blink again let me know that your bluffing
Lead give permanent concussion, your nothing

[chorus]

[Malice]
Ha ha ha ha ha check out the fisad
On the face of rap, so we gon raise the bar
A mil on the crib, mean a quarter on the car
Bentley coupe another short of the arnage
Even as a youth I was laudering the stoop
Underneath the nose, and the Feds had no clue
I was pushing keys in a V with no roof
Rich, black, two big guns and no coof
Things at the label, well they tend to get unstable
And that pretty much leave Malice at the table
Or over the stove with the flame to the ladle
Because Im a provider as long as I am able
This here hughe the most foolish of blues
When I tell my mom the price
She damn near sent me to my room
It's the M-A-L-I-C-I-O-U-S
You don't wanna try nigga, you next uhh

[chorus]

[Diddy]
Biggie Duets...
Born Again...
Life After Death...
Legacy lives on..and on, and on
These motherfuckers still can't see you BIG
shit you ain't even here..
Motherfuckers better step their game up..
Greatest of all time, Greatest of all time!
Motherfuckers...
Welcome back. *audience applauds*
We're here on Bad Boy television, and I'm Trevin Jones
and I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper.
And quite frankly -- he's very mad.
We're gonna TRY to find out why; so we'll take some questions
at this point from our studio audience.
Yes ma'am, please stand and state your name, and where you're from.

Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle
and, I just don't understand, why you so mad. (yo, yo)
Like what are you so mad about? (yo, yo, y-y-yo)

You wanna know why, yo first of all, yo first of all you can't
be askin me no question knowhatI'msayin who the fuck is you?
(Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper.) YouknowhatI'msayin?
You can't be askin me no question (It's a family oriented show.)
I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin? I'ma tell you why
I'm mad. I'ma tell you why I'm mad. These niggaz is makin five
hundred thousand dollar videos, yunusayin? They drivin around in
hot cars, yunusayin? They got bitches, they got all that shit.
(Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language.)
YouknowhatI'msayin? I'm still livin with my MOMS, youknowhatI'msayin?
That's my word. Yunusayin? I'm makin records I ain't made no money
yet I done made this is my fourth album yo, this my FOURTH ALBUM.
I ain't made a dime yet. This nigga made one album, he makin wild
records. That Ready to Die shit, it was aight, it was aight,
yunumsayin, that shit was aight, it was cool. But my shit is
more John Blaze than that! I got John Blaze shit. And they not
recognizing, they not sayin I recognize. And fuck is that, who
is you to be askin me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you?
[Mad Rapper fades out]

[cut and scratched "I gots to talk. I gotta tell what I feel.
I gotta talk about my life as I see it!"]

[Intro: repeat 2X ('Biggie' repeats every line of beat)]

This goes out to you
This goes out to you, and you, and you, and you

[Verse One:]

Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs, and rapper-dons
Get in that ass, quick fast, like ramadan
Its that rap phenomenon Don-Dadda, fuck Poppa
You got ta, call me, Francis M.H. White
in tank-light totes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low, and keep firin
Keep extra clips for extra shit
Who's next to flip, on that cat with that grip on rap
The mo shady, "Tell em!", Frankie baby
Ain't no tellin where I may be
May see me in D.C. at Howard Homecomin
with my man Capone, dumbin, fuckin somethin
You should know my steelo
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
to orgies with hoes I never seen befo'
so, Jesus, get off the Notorious
penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it
With the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot, like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get, who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than Great Adventure
Biggie, "How are you gonna do it?"

[Chorus: repeat 4X]

Kick in the door, wavin the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

[Verse Two:]

On ya mark, get set, when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get, when ya marked with death
Should I start your breath should I let you die
In fear you start to cry, ask why
Lyrically, I'm worser, don't front the word sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get, stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin, I punish em, I'm done with them
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them, cause they, nothin but dicks
Tryin to blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro rock diamonds, that's sick
Got pay off my flow, rhyme with my own click
Take trips to Cairo, layin with yo bitch
I know you prayin you was rich, fuckin prick
When I see ya I'ma

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]

This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of NY
Fuck that, why try, throw bleach in your eye
Now ya Braille in it, stash that light shit, or scalin it
Conscience of ya nonsense in eighty-eight 
Sold more powder than Johnson and Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, vigilante
You wanna get on son, you need to ask me
Ain't no other king in this rap thing
They siblings, nothing but my chil'ren
One shot, they disappearin
Its ill when, MC's used to be on cruddy shit
Took home, Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They light weight, fragilly, my nine milly
make the white shake, thats why my money never funny
And you still recoupin, stupid [echoes]
[Intro/Chorus: The Lox]

Can I live til my last day
Hittin honies that be na-sty
Gettin money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

[The Lox]
Yo what's beef to you, three niggaz with hoodies and bats
That ain't shit compared to one small cat with gats
When we came here we cut off all kind circulation
Breathin, eatin, the whole situation
When we do our shit we do our shit for real
While you take your money for your deal and make your own beats
Compose your own sheets, that's aight but chill
I'ma spend that mil and cop only hot shit
Rock top shit you know how The Lox get
Then you can see me flyin in the Bentley cockpit
Lox and B-I, hold our grica down for years
Gang not, but we been had our black tears
Niggaz under the stairs only understand what we got
Underground, all above must get shot
You couldn't book me Dano, see Luciano put the burners
to all y'all, what nigga bring it I'm callin y'all

You already know what it's about when I run up in your house
Put the gun up in your mouth and get the money out the couch
Hearin you out is senseless, perhaps for instance
I give this faggot a french kiss
Black gloves, no prints, dark tints
Word on the street they ain't heard from him since
You know about life after kicked the kid in
Since me and my mi-dan can flip seven gri-dams
Scri-dam the flow is forbidd-en
Either you ridin or you dyin cause we swingin iron
Lox and Poppa, turning niggaz into Jim Hoffa
Who gon stop us, it's your last joint double copper
You gettin money or your runnin from the Feds
Ain't nothin over here but sixteen and one in the head
And I solemnly swear
That all y'all niggaz out there got a problem this year

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

[The Lox]
Before you think of keepin me down, heatin me down
The flow like water get deepe and you drown
with no soul, many niggaz roll with no dough
Even the small Dunn got a little black hole
Your destiny is somethin you can never figure out
Niggaz is never happy til there's blood up in your mouth
There's a lot of killers, but who the hell are you to play in this?
A lot are dead, how the hell you take the pain?
Live with it got money you better get with it
My man had the thug in him did his bid with it
Get married to the game but never have a kid with it
Advice from the wise, slice the pies
Too many schemes divides, when dreams collide
Teams provide, war for the street to absorb
Stashed in the ceiling and you slept on the floor
Only a blind dove'll fall in love with a whore

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Who the fuck wanna squeeze?
My Desert Ease make MC's freeze
You wakin up in cold sweats, they just dreams
You still apoligizin, analyzin, my size and your size and
realizin, a fist fight would be asinine
You just pop wines I must pop nines
Genuine steel piece, nozzle in your grill piece
You're shook up, two bricks, every cook up
We can hook up, all I see is the future
Disrespect, I shoot ya
By the way, them bricks, get flipped weekly
Sold by soldiers that mix weed with the leak leak
Die for a dollar nigga, life ain't sweet
Play for keeps wet shirts with experts on the creep
I be the mob fiance, about to marry it
Illegal transactions in Farragut with Arabics
Why not, they fit twelve up in the bedroom
Imagine what they stash is like, make you a classic like
my first LP, beef with me is unhealthy
Fuck around and get an ul-cer, loose your pulse or
collapsed lung, look how many gats I brung
For them homos, still doin promos
Break both your legs you're movin slow-mo, got shined to glow mo'
Nine hundred and ninety six grams, you need for mo'

[Chorus: repeat til fade]
[Notorious B.I.G.]
To my motherfuckin man 50 Grand, the alcoholic man
Inject a tall can in his bloodstream if he can
Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker
MC provoker, chocolate thai smoker HEAR??
I like to max in Maximas and Acuras
Your girl buttcheeks I'm smackin HER
The raw rapper, spine snapper
with the little hookers on my lap-ah
You know the flavor Mack-ah
A shy nigga but I ain't your fuckin comforter
And if I ever fall in love I bet I'm fuckin her
Ask the hooker, if I didn't jook her
If she tried to front, then I drop the Chucky Booker on her
[singing] Why you wanna.. play your games on me
[rapping] Bitch, you crazy?
Commitments, I'm Swayze, no time for the ill shit
Rest with the niggaz on that real bloodspill shit
My rap-pin tac-tics are drastic
Stretchin motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic
So if you wanna see my pedigreeeee
You better be, filled with energy, niggaz never gettin me
So let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down

[Chorus: Craig Mack]

Hahhhh, AHHHHHHHH HAH
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahhhh boyeeeee, let me get down and funk em)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Yeah.. uh-huh.. yeah)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Yo I just wanna get em)

[G-Dep]
Yeah, yo
Odds even, said shoot (blaow)
Asked me the reason, and I said loot
Man that's all I'm here for, therefore
when death declares war, you know what to prepare for
Shit, one for shelter, book flights on Delta
Live on your station, the radiation'll melt ya
Cool - I guess your momma raised a fool
You didn't wanna blaze your tool shoulda stayed in school
Rap terror, shots through your new era
Get it together, y'all niggaz shoulda knew better
I'm on point like acupuncture
I might, track and hunt ya, smack and punch ya
Left side, right side, witcha hoe I might slide
Runnin wit this big guy, y'all niggaz is pranksters
Don't make a nigga have to show you the pound
and show you the sound, that'll put you low in the ground
Just let me get down

[Chorus: Craig Mack]

Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(What? What?)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(I just wanna funk a little bit)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahh.. I just wanna funk, what? Ahhhh)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down

[Missy]
I be like WHAAAAT? Let me clear my throat
Break the smoke, Missy gotta hit some high notes
HEYYYYYY! Yo from coast to coast I burn like toast
So dope that I floats through snow nig-guh
Oh, you don't wanna bow to me
The agony be like, "Somebody help me please!"
Feel my pressure, never could a bitch flow better
in any weather, I'm Biggie bangin ya nigga
Ah-huh, I used to be the chick to lick the lollipop
Now I pop through your body parts
BLAOW, BLAOW, you like the way I interact
Proceed to smack, any MC that's wack
Ah-huh, microphone check one two
I do ya tool, like them freaks run through your crew
Give it to me, OHHHH, send it to me, OHHHH
But before I get down, where's my money?
Let me get down

[Chorus: Craig Mack]

Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahhh.. boyeee)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(I just wanna funk a little bit)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahh.. I just wanna funk)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(The Mackalicious funk wanna get down.. boyeeeeeee, HAHHH, AHHHH-HAH
Mack, feelin the funk)

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Bringin it live to you bitch ass niggaz
[Just Blaze]
Welcome to the house of pain, Just Blaze niggaz

[Intro: Mary J. Blige]
Theres no way out, it seems I can't get free
Somebody tell me what's happenin to me

[Notorious B.I.G.]
The country bud got me chokin
I'm on a mission to the point motherfuckers think I'm smokin
Yea that sick nigga Biggie wit the H-shot fifth
Wit the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that killin is thrillin
All the blood spillin, is all up on the drug dealin
A broad gangsta my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 wit the hallow point slug
So when he lit shots
Niggaz dropped quicker than bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Payin dudes, while kids was on their one's and two's
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the Mac .11's swingin from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my mom through the strain
I'm livin in a house of pain

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Is anybody listenin and tell me can you can see this darkness surroundin me
Now it's gettin colder heavy on my shoulder and it's gettin hard to breathe
And it's gettin blury, I'm gettin worried cause it's gettin hard to see
When you're living in the house of paaaiiinnn

[2Pac]
When the motherfucker dust kicker, who can you trust?
Who gave you the heart to see a nigga?
Before you bust, my name is spoken on the tongue so many foes
Bustin motherfuckers out the blocks and I ain't even go
Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame
From doin fix to bustin tricks out the fuckin frame
Got these bitches on my jock niggaz on my block
Jealous ass suckers got it duckin for my fuckin glock
And bustin niggaz ass is to stay alive
Skinny ass playa watchin victim motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I'm livin? how I'm a hustler?
Buckin busters 'til they die
Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard?
Niggaz got they AK's headin for the bird
Aimin at free ass bitches let 'em rain
Givin 'em, wettin 'em, welcome to the house of pain

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]

[Nas]
MJB, be worried niggaz, yea, Nas...

Wendy Williams say I stayed dust maybe I should
cuz these rappers'll have your phone tap like Savion Glover
And on the West the police corrupt, some are bloods
But these Teflon I loaded explodin some mugs
I'm like Furious in "Boyz In the Hood"
But at the drive through I'm ain't runnin I'm dumpin
Crazy like a paru and load up, know how Nas do
I'm callin Henchmen to save shit, to organize a black truth
And we party hard party wit Nas
Since they ain't no more - Mardi Gras
And Bush won't apologize
I got gangsta hoes Kobe Bryant scared to sodomize
And .45's for them suckers y'all idolize
Ya'll yellin my name but y'all soon die in
Tryin to portray real but they be ly-in
Cuz they want the real niggaz to die so they can game
But neva that, this ain't neva lastin this is the house of pain

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
[Notorious B.I.G + (Faith Evans)]
To my motherfuckin' man, fifty grand, the alcholic man
Inject a tall can to his blood stream if he can
Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker
Emcee provoker, the chocolate tah smoker (huh?)
I like to mack in Maximas and Acuras
But cheeks, I'm smackin' em' (huh?)
The raw rapper, spot smacker
Wit the lil hooker on my lap-ah, you know your favorite macker
A shy nigga, but I ain't ya fuckin' comforter
And If I ever fall in love, I bet I'd fucked it up
Ask the hooker, If I didn't jug her
She try to front, then I put the Chucky Booker on her
(Why you wanna...play games on me?)
Bitch, you crazy? Commitments, I'm Swayze
No time for the ill shit
Mess with the niggaz on that real blood spill shit
My rappin' tactics, are drastic
Stretchin' motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic
So if you wanna see my Pedigree, you better be
filled with energy, niggaz never gettin' me

[Chorus 2X: Bobby Valentino and Cheri Dennis + (Ludacris ab-libbing)]
Big cities and bright lights
Short days and long nights
No stress and no strife
I'm high off living the life

[Ludacris]
It's clear to see that I'm the motherfuckin' man, I done learned from the
best of em; Took the first slot, niggaz still second guessin' em
Hoes, I'm undressin' em', foes, I'm not stresin' em'
Outlastin' a bunch of 'em , outflowed the rest of em'
Cuz everyday, I stay preachin' on the pulpit
So tell them haters they could miss me with that bullshit
But I won't miss, I'm Luda, the heat holder
I'm rich, bitch! I've done more shows than Oprah
And I'm a soldier, ready for whatever
Roll with a bunch of niggaz that don't know no better
King like Coretta, countin' mo' cheddar
Just hired two dykes to be my ho getters
When it comes to these women, dog, ain't no one fuckin' wit me
They runnin' back, you think I had TJ Duckett wit me
That's cause I throw it like Vick, from the yard line
Menage a trois, it's safe to say I'm havin' hard times

[Chorus + (Ludacris ab-libbing)]

[Snoop Dogg]
To my nigga Chopper dot, with the whoopty-whop on the block
Got the heaters cocked, cause I know the suckers on the block
Hennesey and Belve-D, brings a lot of jealousy
Nigga stop snitchin', nephew, why you tellin' me?
They say the game ain't what it use to be no mo'
Used to be a G, but now he just a ho
Runnin' 'round poitin' fingers, tellin' names
You fuckin' up the rules to this dirty game, and it's a diry shame
I ain't flippin' out, that's probably why I'm dippin' out
Ya'll fools trippin' out, that why I'm on a different route
Now, makin' money, havin' clout, what's what it's all about
Twenty seven cars and a tweleve bedroom house
Now they call me Snoopy Trump
I keep my heater close, cause I love to bust
Now hat's a stain on a nigga, I bang on a nigga
Kick rocks and watch how I do my thang, young nigga; I'm livin' the life!

[Chorus + (Snoop Dogg ab-libbing)]

[Chorus - w/o ab-libs]
[CHORUS]
TIME, TIME FOR YOU TA DIE
AS I KISS--YO--ASS--GOODNIGHT

I make yo mouthpiece obese like delawese
When I release, you loose teeth like Little Cease
Nigga please
Blood floods yo dungarees
And that's just a half of my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
than the average playa hater, and spectators
Buy my CD twice
They see me in the streets they be like yo he nice
But that's on the low doe'
be the cats wit no dough, tried ta play me at my show
I pull out 4-4's, and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas
snort-cane niggas
extortion came quicker
Bought the Range' nigga
Ya still tickle me
I used ta be as strong as ripple, till Little Cease crippled me
Now I play hard-like my girls nipples be
The games sour like like a pickle be
Ya'll know da rules
Move from BK ta New Jerus
Thinkin bout, all the planes we flew
Bitches, we ran through
Now da years new
I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Muthafuckas mad cuz I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit's strenuous
When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina
Slugs missed ya
I ain't mad at'chya (we ain't mad at'chya)
Blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothing
Catch canes, come out frontin
Smokin something
Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin
I laced it wit the basic
6 TV's, a system, knockin Mase shit, face it
We hard ta hit
Guard ya shit, for I stick you, for ya re-up
Wipe the "P"
Mix shots, "work ya seat up"
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up
LONG KISS

[CHORUS X 2]

UH-I flamin gats, aimin at, these fuckin...
Maniacs put my name in raps--"support them"
Games dat
Like they hustle backwards
I smoke backwards, and Duchees
Ya can't touch me
Try ta rush me
Slugs go, touchy-touchy
Ya bleedin lovely, wit'chyo, spirit above me
or beneath me, ya whole life ya live sneaky
Now ya rest eternally, sleepy, ya burn when ya creep me
Rest where the worms-n-the weak be
My nine flies, baptize, rap guys
Wit the holy ghost
I put holes in most, you hold ya toast shakey
Slip-n-tryin ta break me
Look what'chyou made me do, brains blue
My team in the Marine blew, six-coupe
Skiid it out, weeded out, clean it out
The block for distance is, given long kisses bitch

[CHORUS X 2]

Frank White the menacin, craw-craw's demenacin
I got the lettuce in
You turn green like cucumber skin got the new hummer in the summer when I was
a new comer
then
drugs and mac-10's
Hug from fake friends
Make ends they hate'chyou, be broke girls won't date'chyou
That's why I relate to, choke yo ass till ya face blue, make you
Open the safe too
No matter how ya call it(how ya call it)
This "bralick",alcoholic
Like his weed green'd out like his brick solid
Distribute to kids who, take heart like Valentine, drink Ballentine, all the
time
Slugs hit'chya chest tap the spine
Flat-line
Heard through the grapevine, ya got fucked foe times
Damn that three ta nine, fucked you up for real doe'
"Slink steal slow"
As you remorse we feel no

[CHORUS X 6]
[Verse One:]

So you wanna be hardcore 
With your hat to the back, talkin bout the gats in your raps 
But I can't feel that hardcore appeal 
that you're screamin, baby I'm dreamin 
This ain't Christopher Williams, still some
MC's got to feel one, caps I got to peel some 
To let niggaz know... that if you fuck with Big-and-Heavy 
I get up in that ass like a wedgie
Says who? Says me, the lyrical 
Niggaz sayin, "Biggie off the street, it's a miracle" 
Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me 
Just for niggaz actin shifty 
Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill you quicker 
Especially when I'm drunk off the liquor 
Smokin funk by the boxes, packin glocks is 
natural to eat you niggaz like chocolates 
The funk baby 

[Chorus (repeats 8X)]

"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk" (LOTUG, Chief Rocka) 

[Verse Two:]

All I want is bitches, big booty bitches 
Used to sell crack, so I could stack my riches 
Now I pack gats, to stop all the snitches 
from stayin in my business, what is this? Relentless 
approach, to know if I'm broke or not 
Just cause I joke and smoke a lot 
Don't mean I don't tote the glock 
Sixteen shots for my niggaz in the pen 
Until we motherfuckin meet again 
Huh, I'm doin rhymes now, fuck the crimes now 
Come on the ave, I'm real hard to find now 
Cause I'm knee deep in the beats 
In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the Mac-10 by the seats 
For the jackers, the jealous ass crackers in the (car sirens) 
I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof 
Hold ya head, cause when you hit the bricks 
I got gin, mad blunts, and bitches suckin dick 
The funk baby 

[Repeat chorus]

[Verse Three:]

So I guess you know the story, the rap-side, crack-side 
How I smoked funk, smacked bitches on the backside 
Bed-Stuy, the place where my head rests 
Fifty shot clip if a nigga wan' test 
The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya 
High as a motherfuckin helicopter 
That's why I pack a nina, fuck a misdeameanor 
Beatin motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina 
(What's Love, Got to Do)
when I'm rippin all through your whole crew 
Strapped like bamboo, but I don't sling guns 
I got bags of funk, and it's sellin by the tons 
Niggaz wanna know, how I live the mack life 
Making money smoking mics like crack pipes
It's type simple and plain to maintain 
I add a little funk to the brain 
The funk baby 

[Repeat chorus]
[Puff Daddy]
Yo let, let, let me ask you a question yo
Yo would you kill for me?
[Girl]
Hmmm... yeah
[Puff Daddy]
What took you so long to answer motherfucker?
[Girl]
I don't know
[Puff Daddy]
The fuck wrong with you bitch?

[Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]

When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick
You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick (yeah)
I never felt that way in my life
It didn't take long before I made you my wife (uh, yeah)
Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
Come into the crib, even had a set a keys
During the days you helped me bag up my nickels
In the process, I admit, I tricked a little (yeah)
But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch (uhh)
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin rich
And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right

[Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.]

Just me and my bitch [variations repeat to next verse]

[Girl]
But you know you love that ass, don't you?
[Puff Daddy]
Yeah, no question
[Girl]
No question
[Puff Daddy]
Yo, let me ask you another question
[Girl]
What?
[Puff Daddy]
You ever fuck around on me?
[Girl]
Why would I do that?
[Puff Daddy]
Yo don't lie to me motherfucker

[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]

Moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh no, that's not my steelo
I wanna bitch that like to play celo, and craps
Packin gats, in a Coach bag steamin dime bags
A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had (yeah, c'mon)
With a glock just as strong as me
Totin guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet (that's nasty)
Throwin my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
I see my Polos and Timbos
Hide my car keys so I can't leave
A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly
She'll invite me, politely, to fight G
And then we lie together, cry together
I swear to God I hope we fuckin die together

[Chorus]

[Girl]
Let me tell you nigga, if I ever, ever catch your ass fuckin around
I'ma cut your mother-fuckin dick off
[Puff Daddy]
Hah, heheh stop playin, hah
[Girl]
I ain't playin, ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes
Ain't no jokes
[Puff Daddy]
Yo, don't don't play with my dick

[Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.]

She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
Didn't hesitate to squeeze, to get my life out of danger (yeah)
One day, she put nine one one on the page
Had to call back, whether it's minor or major (yeah)
No response, the phone just rung
Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
When I pulled up, police was on the scene
Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean
Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
Stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes
It didn't take long before the tears start
I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
And I know it was meant for me
I guess the niggaz felt they had to kill the closest one to me (uh, yeah)
And when I find em your life is to and end
They killed my best friend... me and my bitch

[Chorus]

Uh, yeah, yeah
Uh...
Uh, motherfucker yeah
[Biggie]
You see I don't sweat
these hoes I keep 'em in flavors like Timbos N Jibos
bitches just like to play the Merigo (yer we know drop the scenario)
it was me, D, the MPV, the blunts and brew things knockers and Wu-Tang, M.E.T.H.
O shit, look at those lips and hips on that bitch
we hit the crib so I can drop my macadoshar shit like the bluntclip
and recognize a pimp read mr speak the G's obsolete don't sleep bang the skims in the week
on the creep of the avenue I seen her on the block who she rappin to?
That's my nigga D damn he got G now she fuckin' him and fuckin' me see

[R Kelly - Chorus]
Me casa, you casa,
O I ain't lookin' for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya
hit the club, drink ass on ice but ya hit the pussy good, am I doing the thing for you?
girl, show me how ya work that thing
you make a motherfuckin thug
wanna sing and baby, baby, can't you see
we gonna fuck 'till 6 in the morning

[Biggie]
Now I play her far like a move player star
she still sweatin me hard because I'm a rap star
I be cruisn up the block I be passin her pimpin hard with the female passenger
and the only time I call to hang, is when me and deep blood is up scheming on the gangbang
she shoulda used her intuition then she wouldn't be classified in that position
listen she sayin I dissed her coz I'm fuckin her sister
a message to the fellers that gets some piss UH
but she started that fuckin family
she fucked ma man D so why she mad at me?
Fuckin sister look better than you, give head better than you, pussy, gets wetter than you
so break the fuck out like a rash
I glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass

[Charlie Wilson]
Red bones to lift ons dubies hip huggers to show off ya booty I'm hangin with
the best of them sleep
if you want I'm a veteran when I show up to the club it's VIP
I'll be dancin in the club if it's B.I.G
I'm not lookin' to find a wife - just someone to make a friend of mine

[R Kelly - Chorus]

[R Kelly]
I roll up off rack and polla
I'm so high when I walk in the club
I see this chick that used to get the dick
now she freakin on the floor makin a nigger reminisce
Oh I want her back in ma ride, back in ma ride
I want no girlfriend
see I just wanna hit it and we can be cool, we can do this if you feelin the same I do
come on girl, let's go to ma hotel
have a party all night in ma hotel
pop bubble smoke dope in ma hotel
in 20 minutes girl
hit me on ma self

[R Kelly - Chorus]
[Notorious B.I.G.]

Yeah, dedicatin this to my nigga O
We miss you nigga
Goin out to all the niggas that died in the struggle
Word up, shit is real in the field
You know, sparkin blunts to all you niggaz
Word up

Each and every day
The daydreams of how we used to be
See your family
And that baby's lookin just like you
Why'd you go away
I've been missin you lately
Tell me why you're gone and thru

[Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.]

I remember sellin three bricks of straight flour
Got my man a beat down to the third power
He didn't care, spent the money in a half hour
Got some fishscale, ain't no competition that could sour
Got the coke cooked up, a crackhead heaven
In eighty-eight, when Kane ruled, with Half Steppin
A thirty-eight, a lot of mouth, was our only weapon
We was king till the G's crept in
And now I'm missin em

[Chorus:]

Ooh, I'm missin you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin you
Nah nah nah nah nah, oh tell me why why why why

[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]

We work all week, we dancin, play the movies
We rock flatops, our girls rocked doobies
Made a killin, even though the D's knew me
Eventually, you know they try to do me
Fuck it
Fed up, my nigga want to take it down south
Sick of cops comin, sick of throwin jacks in his mouth
Gave him half my paper, told 'em go that route
Few months, he got his brain blown out
Now I'm stressed
His baby's mother, she trippin, blamin me
And his older brothers, understand, the game it be
Kinda topsy turvy
You win some, you lose some
Damn, they lost a brother
They mother lost a son
Fuck, why my nigga couldn't stay in NY?
I'm a thug, but I swear for three days I cried
I look in the sky and ask God why
Can't look his baby girls in the eye
Damn I miss you

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.]

There was this girl around the way that make cats drool
Her name's Drew, played fools out they money in pool
People swore we was fuckin but we was just cool
She used to hang while I slang my drugs after school
She'd watch my bomb, help my moms with the groceries
My little sister, the girl was kinda close to me
A little closer than the average girl's supposed to be
Far from a lover, my girl was jealous of her
Then she started messin with some major players
Handled keys, niggas called them the Bricklayers
A dread kid, had a baby for that bitch Taya
Found out her baby's father cheatin, now Drew she gotta slay her
One night, across from the corner store
Taya ran around the block with a chrome four-four
Squeezed all six shots in the passenger door
The dude lived, what my baby had to die for
We missin her

[Chorus]
I'm coming out
I'm coming
I'm coming out
I'm coming

Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales, call it level up
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell: "There go Mase!", there go your cutie

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots, rip all the spots
Rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now, "When all the ballin' stops?"
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew
That got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours?
Violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A. be on your way
‘Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

B-I-G P-O-P-P-A, no info for the DEA
Federal agents mad ‘cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's ‘cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rolies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player please
Lyrically, niggas see B.I.G be flossin’
Jig on the cover of Fortune, 5 double O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
Platinum plus like thizat
Dangerous on trizacks, leave your ass flizat

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

What's going on? (Oh, what's going on?)
Somebody tell me (what's going on?)

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
[phone rings]
[phone rings]
[B.I.G.] Yo
[heavy breathing]
[B.I.G.] Sup hello?
[heavy breathing]
[B.I.G.] Faith?
Motherfucker [click]
[phone rings]
[B.I.G.] Yo
Kill you motherfucker (voice speaking to Biggie is whispering throughout)
[B.I.G.] Hello?
Kill you motherfucker
[B.I.G.] [sarcastically] WORD?
I'm gonna get you motherfucker you better watch your motherfuckin back
That's my word nigga
[B.I.G.] Get the fuck outta here
Better watch your motherfuckin abck
[B.I.G.] Watch my back? WORD?
I'm gonna get Biggie, I'm gonna kill Biggie
[B.I.G.] You soft dude, you soft
Fuck all you niggaz, you all ain't SHIT
Watch your motherfuckin back
[B.I.G.] Eat a dick
[click]

Jealousy's a motherfucker, you weak jealous motherfuckers!
If you a jealous motherfucker, you just a weak motherfucker!
See when you on top, motherfuckers just wanna bring you down!
Motherfuckers don't even know you, and they don't like you...

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, I dreams filthy
My moms and pops mixed in with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed em dead off, wipe the sweat off
Uhh, cause in this world I'm debtor, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue bring fatigue to enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed im filled im with the lugars from they Rugers
or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's present
Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still

[DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

[Notorious B.I.G.]
This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
be more gone than freemen
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screwfaces, when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
To old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize
in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit
When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin
Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin broads home
On the phone with the chip, these Cristal chips
bought to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit

[DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

[Notorious B.I.G.]
We used to hold the gold, now we floss with diamonds
Niggaz want my team to stop shinin
Pray my fame start declinin
Whining like girlies
We been around the world twice, moats that'll smoke ice
in moonlights, sacrifice your heart
Lexus with the automatic start (what)
Fifty shots'll tear your club apart
Eatin shrimp outta cars, with some bitches from Brussels
Eatin clams or mussels
Uhh, out the puss (what) pretty face no waist
I just want the bush, so I can mack you
Give her a package to push, cause I work dem hoes
Den dey hoes, I show you how to play them hoes
Can you just visualize it
Before I go to sleep I check the beds and the closet
so I can sleep safe, not too many people mill in the briefcase
Infrareds help me sleep safe, but wait

[DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

Y'all motherfuckers live off of negativity
What y'all niggaz need to get through your motherfuckin heads
Is that, y'all fuckin with some niggaz that's on a higher
motherfuckin level -- we don't give a fuck
About what you think about less how you feel about us
What you got to say about us
We gon keep doin our motherfuckin thing
From now till the year three thousand bitches!
You can't breathe, you can't sleep, you can't eat
without thinkin about us!
Without thinkin about us to the end!
We gonna kill you heartless motherfuckers!

[DMC]
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
[Notorious B.I.G. conversating with someone]
Yeahh, worrd
I remember I met this one bitch
Cause you know me I don't see how I'm the nasty motherfucker
I just thought I thought I'da did anything in the world (yeh?)
I meets this one bitch, I comes up in the spot, or whatever
The bitch got the candles lit or whatever, so
She tell me whatever she wanna get her freak on whatever
So I'm like WHASSUP whatchu wanna yaknahmsayin
I'm read to wear it out or whatever (kssss)
The bitch told me she wanted me to shit on her! [laughing]
Ya know shit I was like whatchu mean shit?
I mean I might shit on you after I, hit it I won't call you no more
Shit on you like that [more laughing]
She talkin about no she want me to cock over her
And shit, on her stomach! [laughing through his teeth]
I said bitch what the, what the fuck??
What the fuck I'm sposed to do after I after I shit on her
I'm sposed to hit that after that?
She's just wilding out so after I shits on the bitch right
[both start laughing]
Ya know I shit, after I shits on the bitch
The bitch, ya know, washed that shit off or whatever
(Ohhh shit!)

[Puff Daddy] Come on, yeah [repeat 10X]

Uhh, I go, on and on and on and
then take her to the crib and let your bone in
Easy, call em on the phone and
platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay, dressed, to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
if they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past fo'
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow
Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O., uhh
Back of my mind I hope she swallow (uh-huh)
Man She split a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryin to wait
Conversate, sex on the first date I state
"You know what you do to me"
She starts, "Well but I don't usually"
then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South, aoowww
Threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop, until I screw
Jeans skirt butt-naked it all work

I remember we, went to Tennessee
Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone
Bitch named Symone
Screamin, she feenin, for the semen
Me bein, the man that I am
Took it to her condo, pronto
Half indian, called her Tonto
Roll the kronk ton in the dark pronto
Few buzz, I got load
and off to the bedroom we go (mmmmmm)
Sex is drama, head to trauma
Rip pajamas I'ma stay to tomorrow
Satisfyin all my needs twice
With the whipped cream, handcuffs and ice
The bitch is nice, word is bond
Can't wait to put my niggaz on, what, what?

Ladies, my Mercedes
Hold fo' in the back, two if it's fat
Keep a gat, cause cats, try to test me
They just fans like DeNiro, Wesley
Let's see, the bitch I'm waitin on
Gaudy years teens look like they painted on
Ask thee, leave it up to me
Lay her on back ever so gently
She like the way the dope fold up, Rolls roll up
Cristal just throw up, bitch grow up
Hold up, there's DeGenero
Dripped out, iceberg Capero
Intro goes without speaking
Call me Caese cause I keep em, we can go freakin
all weekend, so, roll in
Ain't it good that my Lex keeps foldin? Uhh
[Jazze Pha] + (B.I.G.)
The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!)
Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls)
Ladies and gentlemen!

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I go, on and on and on and
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and (oooh-WEE)
I stay, dressed, to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past fo'
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow
Cease will drop you off when he see his P.O. (heyyy)
Back of my mind I hope she swallow
Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryin to wait
Conversate, sex on the first date
I state, "You know what you do to me"
She starts off, "But I don't usually" (let's go)
Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South (aoowww)
Threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop, until I squirt
Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work

[Hook - Jagged Edge]
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

[Diddy]
You know I like nasty girls...
I need you to dance, I need you to strip
I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips
I need you to grind like you workin' for tips
And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince
Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Pearl yet
Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet
My style make a low profile girl smile
Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that)
And now you and me can drink some Hennessy
Then we get it on
Made women wantin' to bone Sean Combs, sippin' on Patron
Speedin' be leanin' got 'em fiendin'
Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back)
And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that)
Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt
Heels & skirt let's take it off now let's work (LETS WORK!)

[Hook - Jagged Edge]
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

[Jagged Edge]
J & B-I-G (what! what!)
Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!)
We're a Man lookin'no stress
Meet us upstairs in ya best, yes!
Dress, to impress, spark this bitch's intrest
Jazzy on the beat so sweet
Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G

[Nelly]
Okay ma, what's ya preference
Nice and slow or fast and reckless
Boo, you heard girl, bite cha necklace!
Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!)
I make ya sprang a leak
When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em)
I'm like the radical one
I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one
(From yo' titties to ya thong)
Either way mama I'mma make you do what it do
(Girl I'm about to make you cum)
Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me

[Jagged Edge]
Cause I'll go on and on and on
On and on and on
On and on
Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie

[Hook - Jagged Edge]
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

[Jazzy Pha]
Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best
Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge
The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G
THE BIGGIE DUETS!
NOTORIOUS!
BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF!
NOTORIOUS! NOTORIOUS!
Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen...
LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO!
[Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.]

To all my Brooklyn "Niggas!! (Niggas!!)"
To all my Uptown "Niggas!! (Niggas!!)"
To all my Bronx "Niggas!! (Niggas!!)"
To all my Queensbridge "Niggas!! (Niggas!!)"
"Nigga nigga nigga.."

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls rips it quick
and kicks it quick, you know how black niggaz get
with the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's
Hittin buckshots at niggaz that open spots
on the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you
Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos
Flash the roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga wanna act out
I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
That's a real nigga for ya

[Chorus]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A., cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop for the town
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo G, pass the ruler

[Chorus 2X]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Money hoes and clothes
Blunt smoke comin out the nose, is all a nigga knows
Flippin on foes, puttin tags on toes
Watchin the stash grow, clockin the cashflow
The neighborhood gravedigga
Gettin paid so much, all the bitches wanna see a nigga
I guess they figure I'm paid, I wanna get laid
or since I got loot I wanna knock boots
I'd rather beat my dick than trick
and if she don't suck then we don't fuck
I'd rather make a buck, drive a fat-ass truck
Grab the 9, two clips, and run amuck
Yes, flex at the two or three Benzes
I wreck shit, what the fuck you expected?
A fly guy? Well fuck it, I'm the high guy
from Bed-Stuy, puttin the swellin on your eye
and your nose even, when I choke ya you stop breathin
And when Jake come, I'm leavin!

[Chorus 4X]
Verse one:

Todays agenda, got the suitcase up in the sentra
Go to room 112, tell em blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest, if no money exchanges
I got these kids in ranges, believe them niggaz brainless
All they tote is stainless, you just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, heres 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make yo killings clean, slugs up in between
They eyes, like true lies, kill em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream
Or else, yo life is on the shelf, we mean this frank
Them cats we fuckin wit put bombs in yo moms gas tank
Lets get this money baby, they shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies and burn em with thirty-three-eighties
Then they come to kill our babies, thats all out
I got gats that blow the wall out, clear the mall out
Fuck the fallout, word to stretch, I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me, fuckin real, heres the deal
I got a hundred bricks, fourteen-five a piece
Enough to cop a six buy the house on the beach
Supply the peeps with jeeps, brick apiece, capiche? 
Everybody gettin cream no one considered them leech
Think about it now, thats damn near one point five
I kill em all Ill be set for life frank pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades
If you die they still get paid, extra probably
Fuck a robbery, Im the boss
Promise you wont rob em, I promise
But of course you know I had my fingers crossed

Chorus:

Niggaz bleed just like us
Picture me bein scared
Of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
Niggaz bleed just like us
Picture me bein shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfuckin beef cook
Niggaz bleed just like us
Picture a nigga high
Then my life in that man hands, while he just decidin
Niggaz bleed just like us
Id rather go toe to toe with all of yall
Runnin aint in my protocol

Verse two:

Since its on, I call my nigga arizona ron
From tuscon, pushed the black yukon
Usually had the slow grooves on, mostly rock the isley
Stupid as a youngun, chose not the moves wisely
Sharper with game, him and his crooks, called the jooks
Heard it was sweet, bout three-fifty a piece
Ron bought a truck, two bricks laid in the cut
His peeps got bucked, got locked the fuck up
Thats when ron vanished, came back, speakin spanish
Lavish habits, two rings, twenty carats
Heres a criminal, nigga made americas most
Killed his baby mother brother, slit his throat
The nigga got bagged with the toast
Weeded, took it to trial, beat it
Now he feel he undefeated, he mean it
Nothing to lose, tattooed around his gun wounds
Heavy in the game, embedded in his brain
And me I feel the same for this money and diamonds
Specially if my daughter cryin, I aint lyin
Yall know the signs

Chorus

Verse three:

We agreed to go on shootin is silly
Because niggaz could be hidin in showers with mac billys
So I freaked em, the telly manager was puerto rican
Gloria, from historia, I went to war with her
Peeps in ninety-one, stole a gun from her workers
And they took drugs, they tried to jerk us
We blaze they place, long story, glo seen my face
Got shook, thought a nigga was comin for the safe
Now she breakin, shut up, 112, whats shakin
A jamaican, some bitches I swear, they look gay
In a black range rover, been outside all day
If its trouble let me know, Ill be on my way
Please, I got kids to feed, I done seen you make niggaz bleed
Nightmare, this bitch dont need it
Ron, get the gasoline, this spot, we bout to blow this
Lets get the cash before the cops and range rover cats notice
Room 112, right by the staircase, perfect place
When they evacuate, they meet they fate
Ron pass the gasoline, the nigga pass me kerosene
Fuck it, its flame-able, my hunger is unexplainable
Strike the match, just what I expected
The dread kid ejected in seconds
And here come two, opposite sexes, one black, one malaysian
We in the hallway waitin patient
As soon as she hit the door we start blastin
I saw her brains hit the floor, ron laughin, I swear to god
I hit maxi priest at least twelve times in the chest
Spin-t around, shot the chink in the breast
She cryin, headshots put her to rest
Pop open the briefcases, nothin but franco faces
The spots hot, sprinklers, alarm systems
Thats when other guests start to slip in
Its time for us to get to dippin
I know them niggaz in the range is on they way up
Flippin, pistol grippin, I know they clippin
The hallway, got real loud and crowded
They walked right past us, I dont know how they allowed it
The funny thing about it, through all the excitement
They range got towed, they double parked by a hydrant
Stupid motherfuckers
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Yo, check it
Call Lil' Cease
Tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital
man fuck that
Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez
and go take about like twenty G's from Gino
Tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here
Nigga be snorin all night I can't sleep (hehe)
Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick
(Bad Boy Big, c'mon)

The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery
but the nurses is lovin me
Sayin the best part of the day is my half
Feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath
Niggaz say I died dead in the streets
Nigga I'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach
Chillin, sittin on about half a million
With all my niggaz, all my guns, all my women
Next two years, I should see about a billion
All for the love of drug dealin
Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them)
Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right)
All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes
Raw flows, and that's how it goes

[Puff Daddy]
NOTORIOUS!
C'mon.. we are, we are
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is.. he is..
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!

This for my niggaz slingin thangs, had my ring encaged
Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things
For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin
That shit with the V-trim that win
and the enormous fields disperse of rap
On the road to the riches more furs to drag
More niggaz to kill, than birds to bag
Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh
Hops, out the truck like, "Trick, what up?"
Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut
That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck
Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal
Niggaz talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right)
Funny how quick these pricks forget
Actin like I ain't the reason they traded they shit
Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right)
It's all good, you know who the clone is
Fuck the Joneses, niggaz tryin to keep up with the Combses

[Puff Daddy]
C'mon y'all..
NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are .. (what's his name)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!

[Lil' Kim]
Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim?
The Notorious K-I to the M
That's me, on MTV, no doubt
Titty out like what - I don't give a fuck!
Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne
Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone
Things done changed, but we continue to reign
as the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I.
Frank White still listen to all the (a)'ttention
I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position
Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto
That bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos
We takin over like Francis
Switchin our styles like the hottest new dancers
See, I let y'all live to stack a LITTLE paper
Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor!

[Puff Daddy]
She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah
NOTORIOUS!
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
Bad Boy baby, D.R. c'mon
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are .. 
Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are ..
Bad Boy 2000
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
B.I.G. Born Again (he is.. he is..)
and he won't stop
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh
We are, we are.. (Brooklyn baby)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is..
[Chorus: repeat 4X]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie [repeat 8X]
Let's Ride [repeat 3X]
Get High [repeat 3X]

[Verse One: Biggie, BizzyBone,KrayzieBone]
Armed and dangerous
aint too many can bang with us
straight up weed no angel
dust, label us notorious. Thug ass niggas dat love to bust, its strange to us
ya'll niggas be scramblin, gamblin
up in restaurants with mandolins and
violins. We just sittin' here tryin to win, try not to sin
high off weed and
lots of gin
so much smoke need oxygen
steadily countin' them Benjamins. Nigga
u should too, if u knew, what this game'll do to u
been in this shit since
'92
look at all the bullshit l been thru
sure caught beef with u know
who
fuck a few female stars or two
then a bluelight niggas knew like
Mike-shiiit not to be fuck wit. Muthafucka betta duck quick..cuzz me and my
dogs love to buck shit, fuck the luck shit strictly aim
go operation just to
kick da game. Spit yo' game, talk yo shit, grab yo gat, call your clicks,
squeeze your clip and hit the right one
pass dat weed l gotta light one
all
them niggas l gotta fight one
all them hoes l gotta like one
our situation is
a tight one
what u wanna do? fight or run? Seems to me dat you'll take thee,
Bone and Big nigga die slowly
l'ma tell u like a nigga told me, cash rule
everything around me. Shiiit lyrically, niggas can't see me, fuck it, buy the
coke, cook the coke, cut it, blow the bitch before u caught yourself lovin
it--nigga wit a Benz fuckin it. Doesn't it seem odd to u
Big comes thru wit
mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to da Mo' Thug dudes
who's da killa? me or you?
(We forgive you for you know not what you do)

Seven A.M. woke in da mornin' wit henn and caffiene and green and nicotine
no dough so pop a couple of dough, Lil' Rippsta..nigga mista clean, nigga
deep--deep in my tumble and now to get, sentimentally steamed, wit
my..instrumelody, and heated especially ball your team, and a 45 indeed will
beam now between da scenes destroy your dreams, you willin to die we'll
see
how many faces when l cause the scene. We mean mug, Mo' Thugs tyrin to be
perfect--disciples, when its survival told by the double edged sword triple,
six rivals spittin' fire this da real truth bitch, breakin down for lies my
messiah steady get ready for armogeddon shoot 6-5. lt's wild, bless da child,
the one dat became a man
put in positions out and we perve
all that l had to
do was stare. Test me now, contend never no surrender no pretend
pick up my
pen
and my hemp
all in my trust a friend, friend. Hey! open and lets see if
ya' real, we all suited dig bout 4 in da mornin', maybe we aint marchin' we
shootin', and then they recruitin' theirs they forgot..everyday in da ghetto,
we start em' off endin with hit em' up out with a pen and pad hit me led now
kick it......

Nigga roll wit Bone up into da dayz of ours, to the dome wit a shot or burn,
never do toss on da curb/me feelin' da urge to sperve, when l'm broke as
fucks and givin dat mossburg swerve. Up into my bag, cuz l gotta get my mask
and shells--to put in this 12 guage sawed off, get em' all off, nigga yo'
loss, take it all off, got a nigga caught doe. For the Bone and leatherface
seemin' to thug in da cut--to let da mo' how many pullin aint nothin'--bitch
if ya stick em' we buckin' em guns dats fucked up. Now lemme get down wit da
crime, gotta go purchase a dime
put in a state to get down for da
crime
smokin da reefa to ease my mind, swig some wine. Step on da block when
da rocks what will l be servin' them dummies see
gotta buck em' on down if he
come back talkin like gimme back my money. Thuggin wit me killaz, need us a
leader or lick up when niggas aint got shit
with a sawed off pump chrome 38
pistol now who ready to get bent. Nigga like me feenin' for them green
leaves, but l aint had no dough
gotta make some money so, l'm makin my dummy
rocks if l go broke.

[Chorus 2X]

[Verse Two: Layzie Bone]
Lil' Lay hey comin in a form of scripture,finna get ya and hit 
magic
droppin' down lick but l call on my gadgets, with a automatic status we
spray time to load da glocks but l'm thinkin not, there's another he forced
tellin me do what l gotta do
so l up my pipe a nigga die tonight, and l'm
alwayz waitin for da boys in blue.--Biggie boots on my ass now go'n right the
cellular phone and call Bone what's happenin'
grab a ten of real niggas start
packin', cuz a muthafucka try to get me in a jackin' and l did em'. Hit em'
right between the eyes da spot was wise wanna test a nigga's size and it cost
em'
nigga fuck around wit da wrong shit ya'll get mo' murdered all day, all
day. We done paved da way and l'm on da run
l'ma call my boys and bring all
da guns
ya'll niggas wanna have a lil' fun wit number one, one, in a red red
rum rum rum rum rum rum, wit a red red rum rum rum rum rum rum, wit a red red
rum........

[Chorus to fade]
What you wanna do
(Yeah)
I got that old thing back
(You know)
What you wanna see
Baby sing, relaxing

Yeah, bad boy baby
Ralph Tresvant
Biggie Smalls
Listen
Uh, yeah, babe
Oh, listen to me
Ah yeah

[Notorious B.I.G.:]
To sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila
Honeys call me Bigga, the condom filler
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders, in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the ep along by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean
I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter
Skinny or fat boy, light-skinned or black, baby I drop these
Boniqua mommies screamin', "Ay papi!"
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled propa
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote da fo'-fo'
For niggas gettin mad cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G, ya' see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Gettin' Physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So gimme a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her 'til her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back

What you wanna do
(Yeah)
I got that old thing back
(You know)
What you wanna see
Baby sing, relaxing

[Ja Rule:]
That old thing back, like B-I double G-I-E
With some new R-U-L-E
Notorious known to bustin in ya' E-Y-E
(Baby baby!)
Bitches know they love to hate me
I come, you come, we come, with back some maybe
How close we came to coming together is crazy
How come you ain't misses with similar your faces
When I come you be cryin' like I'm killin' y'all bitches
And notice a bigger picture than the camera rollin'
Cause I only be knowin' how the shit's unfolding
Back shots to the rear, got the mac unloading
Got a reload, like every so often
You sayin' I got my swagger back
I'm lookin' like bitch, my swagger never left
It's so hard pressed, to be impressed by these new rappers
They actors, and the fact is, you want that old thing back
(Shit)
(What you wanna do)

What you wanna do
(Yeah)
I got that old thing back
(You know)
What you wanna see
Baby sing, relaxing

[Notorious B.I.G.:]
Is my mind playin' tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, havin' nightmares of girls killin' me
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past, let's dwell on the 500 SL
The E and J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rim, with Benjamins
Another hon's in the crib, please send her in
I fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits alot
But lickin' clits had to stop
Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow, really though
I got the cleanest meanest penis
Ya' never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase em, I replace 'em
And if I'm caressin' 'em, I'm undressin' 'em
Fuck whatcha heard, who's the best in New York
For fillin' fantasies without that nigga Mr. Walk
Or tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I'm done I got to split shit

What you wanna do
(Yeah)
I got that old thing back
(You know)
What you wanna see
Baby sing, relaxing

Yeah, bad boy baby
Ralph Tresvant
Biggie Smalls
Listen
Uh, yeah, babe
Oh, listen to me
Ah yeah
[Sound of phone hanging up]
[Biggie's daughter:]
All you hoes, callin' here for my daddy get off his dick.
Like that Mommy?

[Answering machine beep in between each message and the beat
to]
["One More Chance" in the background.]

[Message 1:]
Hi daddy, how you doin', this is Tyiest, I was thinkin' about
you last
night, mmm, you actin' like you can't call me no more cause you
busy and
all that, but you tryina tell me it wasn't good?

[Message 2:]
That shit is real fucked up what you did, I hooked you up wit my
girl
and shit you fucked her 8 times you see her you don't say SHIT
to her
you know what I'm sayin? And all that bitch do is call me all
day
talkin' bout you: "Why the fuck do he don't want me?"

[Message 3:]
Yo Big this is Quita, Kenya told me she saw you and Shana in the
mall
and I know you aint fuckin' her. You fucked with me last night
that's my
best friend and we don't get down like that.

[Message 4:]
Yeah muthafucka this is Stephanie, I was waitin' outside for
your ass
for like a fuckin' hour, I don't know what's goin on,
muthafuckas tryina
raw me, you be dissapearin' and shit I'm waitin' in the cold,
what the
fuck is goin' on, when you get in give me a fuckin' call,
alright?

When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila
Honeys call me Bigga the condom filler
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the ep along by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I'm in thirteens, know what I mean
I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't
matter
Skinny or fat or white-skinned or black, baby I drop
These boricua mommies screamin "Aiy papi!"
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they roll propa
Look, I gotcha caught up in the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote da fo'-fo'
For niggaz gettin mad cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with g ya see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Gettin Physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back

Oh Biggie gimme one more chance
I got that good dick girl, ya didn't know
[Repeat]

Is my mind playin tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, havin nightmares of girls killin me
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL, the E and J and ginger
ale
The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamins
Another hon's in the crib, please send her in
I fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits
alot
But lickin clits had to stop
Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down
below
Peep the funk flow, really though
I got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of
genius
So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex gettin rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase em, I replace em
and if I'm caressin em, I'm undressin em
Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York
For fillin fantasies without that nigga Mr. Rourke?
Or Tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I'm done I got to split shit
Back shots is my position, I gotcha wishin for an
intermission
Fuck the kissin, lickin down to your belly button, I ain't
frontin
They don't call me B.I.G. for nuttin, all of a sudden

Oh Biggie gimme one more chance
I got that good dick girl you didn't know
[Repeat]
Good evening
And for my last hit
Id like to take you back to the classic
A-hem, b.i.g. style of course
Uhh

*singing*
Playaahh, turn your head round
Lay on the ground, youve been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Lay on the floor, youve been robbed
Uhh
You know, we need this money
And you, yes baby, you, should just roll with me
Lets go off, together
On this robbin spree, well make money
Uhh
Playaahh, turn your head round
Take off that crown, youve been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Dont cry no more, youve been robbed

You see, there are two kind of people in the world today
We have, the playaz, and we have, the playa haters
Please dont hate me because Im beautiful baby

Hear what they talk, about me
But my crew so deep, you cant do, a damn thing, to me

Playahh, open the door
Lay on the floor, youve been robbed
Wake up (wake your ass up), take off your jewels
You fuckin fools, youve been robbed (this is a robbery nigga)
Playahh playahh (hater), playahh playahh (hater)
Playahh playahh (hater), playahh playahh (hater)
Playahh hater!! (hater) playahh hater!! (hater)
Playahh hater!! (hater) playahh hater!! (hater)
Uhh, thank you... thank you very much *applause*
Thank you thank you far too kind, far too kind
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night everybody, good night!
I love all of you, thank you thank you
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night!
"Well it's the Funk Docta Spock.."
"Meth-Tical.."
"Biggie.. Biggie.." (mmmhmmmmmm)

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. (yo c'mon Big) uhh..
Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches
the prestigious, cats that speak this, Willie shit
Flooded pieces, my hand releases, snatches
Smack ya cabbage, half-ass rappers, shouldn't have it
So I grab it, never run, the outcome
is usually, a beatdown brutally, fuck who you be
or where you're from, West or East coast, squeeze toast
Leave most in the blood they layin in, what, what?
The rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
It's more than I expected, I thought your jewels was rented
but they wasn't, so run it, cousin
I could chill, the heat doesn't
Ran up in your shell about a dozen
You never see bank like Frank White
Your hand clutchin, your chest-plate contemplate
You 'bout to die, nigga wait, keep yo' hands high

[Redman]
Yo.. yo yo
I don't brownnose out of town hoes
I'm up around fo' with the crowbar to the five point oh
I get bagged, I'm John Doe, suspect
You ass like prime roastin, Calvin Klein clothes
Explode the pyros when Doc guest appear
I'm out there, I bought it with George Jetson here
Your time is near, so get your body dropped off
I stopped trustin niggaz since Gotti got caught
It's Bricks keep your wrist covered, or piss colored
By the waist got a gun as dark as Kris brother
I.C.U., my sheisty crew, like ice me too
I break your legs, leave your eyes slightly blue
The Doc was born with a grenade palm
I'm concurrent in your hood like a, teenage mom
Yo Biggie (what? what?) She havin my bay-bayy
If I pull out the A.K., keep your hands high

"This rule is so underrated.." -> [B.I.G.]
"Actin as if it can't happen, you're frontin" -> [Meth]
"Ain't no other kings in this rap thing.." -> [B.I.G.]
"Biggie, a motherfuckin rap phenomenon" -> [B.I.G.]
[repeat all 2X]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due South with keys
Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed
Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks
Fuck that hip-hop, them one-two's, and you don't stops
Me and my nigga Lance, took Kim and Cee's advance
Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants
from Branson, now we lampin, twelve room mansion
Bitches get naked off "Get Money", "Player's Anthem"
Don't forget, "One More Chance" and, my other hits, other shit
niggaz spit be counterfeit, robbery come actually
in and out like fuckin rapidly, pass the gat to me
Make his chest rest, where his back should be, talkin blasphemy
Blastin me, your family, rest in coffins often
Frank Wizzard, fuck you soft or fragilla
Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper, slash dope dealer
slash Gorilla, slash illest turned killer

[Method Man]
Now now
Don't approach me with that rah rah shit, you out of pocket
I take these adolescents back to Spofford
Mentally my energy, is like a figure eight, on it's side
that's infinity -- too many sick niggaz, nickel nines;
bring the remedy -- when you play the field, what's the penalty
Unnecessary roughness, career endin injuries for suckers
Stuck on stupid, shoot em with a dart like Cupid
until they got love for my music
Star Wars I'm Han Solo, with three egoes
and three charges, I got to "See-three-P.O.'s"
This is whoop-yo'-ass-day, the sequel
Eyeball blower with no equal, niggaz swingin swords in the WAR
that's my people, sho' nuff, befo' I roll up
This is a hold up, hands high, reach for the sky
I rep S.I., the unpretty, word to Left Eye
New York Shitty, put they weight on it
And who better for the job than Biggie? The Notorious
Jeee-zus, "Unbelievable" rhyme that reaches
and touch individual, small frame buck and change
MC, What's-Your-Name, tuck your chain
All about the fortune, fuck the fame, labels still extortin
Kick me when I'm down, but I'm up again, scorchin
Hot -- forcin my way up in the door
to kill the bullshit like a matador
Keep your hands high (what?)
Yeah...
Yeah...
(You ready motherfucker?)
(We gon' kill your ass)

As I grab the glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off release
Straight at your dome homes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doin your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
mic ripper girl stripper the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a lightswitch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive
the Q-45, glocks and tecs are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques drippin out my buttcheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave G
I'm ready to die and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a jheri curl, I'm ready to die

As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doin whatever it took from snatchin chains to pocketbooks
A big BAD motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs tried to get the avenue sold
I want it all from the Rolexes
to the Lexus gettin paid, is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?
Now I got a glock, makin motherfuckers duck
Shit is real, and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kickin niggaz down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggaz gettin wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns cause I'm ready, ready

I'm ready to die!
(Nah we ain't gon' kill your ass yet)
(We gonna make you suffer)

In a sec I throw the tec to your fuckin neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie bout to get some wreck
Quick to leave you in a coffin, for slick talkin
You better act like CeCe, and keep on walkin
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung on like you slumber right you fell to the conrete
Your face, my feet, they meet, we're stompin
I'm rippin MC's from Tallahassee, to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggaz say I'm strange deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
after the hit, leave you on the street with your neck split
down your backbone to where your motherfuckin cheek drip
The shit I kick, rip it through the vest
Biggie Smalls passin any test, I'm ready to die!

I'm ready
(Time to go, we gonna put you out your misery motherfucker)
Niggaz definitely know what time it is
The Notorious one in full effect
for ninety-three!
Suicidal, I'm ready!

(Now I lay me down to sleep)
Yeah
(Pray the Lord my soul to keep)
(If I should die before I wake)
(I pray the Lord my soul to take)
(Cause I'm ready to die)

(All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to)

(Biggie Smalls the biggest man)
(Rockin on and on in ninety-three, Easy Mo Bee)
(Third Eye, and the rest of the Bad Boy fam)
(I don't wanna see no cryin at my funeral)
[Verse 1]

Nineteen-seventy somethin', nigga I don't sweat the date
My moms is late so I had to plan my escape
out the skins, in this world of fly girls
Tanqueray and Hennessy until I cold hurl
Ten months in this gut, what the fuck
I wish moms'd hurry up so I could get buck
wild, juvenile rippin' mics and shit
New York New York, ready for the likes of this, uh
Then came the worst date, May 21st
2:19, that's when my momma water burst
No spouse in the house so she rode for self
to the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
Umbilical cord's wrapped around my neck
I'm seein' my death and I ain't even took my first step
I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy
The doctor looked and said, "He's gonna be a Bad Boy"

[Verse 2]

Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts, makin' cream
On the drug scene, fuck a football team
Riskin' ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
Hearin' the coach scream at my lifetime dream, I mean
I wanna blow up, stack my dough up
So school I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up
Mom said that I should grow up and check myself
before I wreck myself, disrespect myself
Put the drugs on the shelf? Nah, couldn't see it
Scarface, King of New York, I wanna be it
Rap was secondary, money was necessary
Until I got incarcerated--kinda scary
C74-Mark 8 set me straight
Not able to move behind the great steel gate
Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail?
All the money I stacked was all the money for bail

[Verse 3]

Ninety-four, now I explore new horizons
Mama smile when she see me, that's surprisin'
Honeys is tantalizin', they freak all night
Peep duckin' cops on the creep all night
As I open my eyes and realizin' I changed
Not the same deranged child stuck up in the game
And to my niggas livin' street life
Learn to treat life to the best, put stress to rest
Still tote your vest man, niggas be trippin'
In the streets without a gat? Nah, nigga you're slippin'
If I'm pimpin on The F with weed on my breath
Original hustler with the muffler on the Tec
Respect to the Mac's and the Ac's
To the freaks in the Jeeps, lick shots to my peeps
[Notorious B.I.G.:]
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Where Brooklyn at?

1, 2, 3, and...

[Fabolous:]
Now they say you ain't never suppose to envy no man
Can't tell that to a dingy old man
Who see a young nigga getting plently dough man
Icy Audemar, hendy gold band
With a mean girl like Lindsay Lohan
That's why I keep the 9 in the Bently door pan
Trust it's gon' bust you roll on us
Know it's gon' blow for my dough
Why would you try with that guy
Scene told u he keep it G
We can bang like the two chains on my neck
The hood is Iraq I'm Hussein in the 'jects
The coup's up take the new Lame for a sec

12" up, new cane in the deck nigga
Right now with a squeezer and a coozie
And Im goin out like Keyshia with the uzzi

[Chorus:]
They talk about it, we all about it
They making plans, we sit and counting
Our cheddar stack it's just like a mountain
You heard about it cause she running her mouth

She want's to ride, and she's trying to hide it
I'm cool as ever, she's too excited
Her man look like, he want to fight
But he ain't doing nothing, but running his mouth

[Notorious B.I.G.:]
Fuck around and feel the fury of a high nigga
When I get busy throw your hands in the sky nigga
I got the illest of the ill mentality, niggas be grabbing me
Knowing that they'd rather be stabbing me
All up in my back trying to take my track
When I used to sell crack I ain't had problems like that
Street rules, watch your pockets and your jewels
A nigga front, throw the gat to the fool
Necks wanna move but's getting blasted
Streets to a flows from the ill ghetto bastard
As I release masterpieces like adhesive
Stuck to your ass, like tissue when your wiping fast
MC's have a hard time believing
I mark with death, hard to kill like Steven
When Jake come I'm leaving, the black man's motto
You got a better chance playing lotto
What you want nigga?

[Chorus]

[Busta Rhymes:]
Ah, Yo
Now watch me dip-dip-di-dive all over the beat
Now watch me drip-drip-dri-di all over the street
The general consensus is you'll be the dominating fleet
Bitch raw, and let me continue to bring the heat
You know who been the kings of the block, the kings of the drops
The kings of the crap music and the kings of the cross
Niggas fire then drop shit like the purest of powder
That's why most of these niggas little song be sounding like ours
Couple years ago, niggas probably thought I was dieing
Now same niggas are idolizing put our face in the shrine
Yeah I took a little time to cook and show you what's really hot
How the fuck any of you niggas think you feeling my spot
Why you niggas getting mad at us, we shit on your floors
All in your house nigga, our strategies is different from yours
Listen, you come you can do it while I continue to preach
Snoop, fam, bigger Bust of the stand if you can't reach

[Chorus]

Uhhh, uhhh
Fox then B.I.G.
Who fucking with Fox, who want it with I
Bust a shot for me and Big from the villfredo sky
Got my joan fross shit on, hop off my dick
Canary bangle-round I ain't gon' 20 carrots on this bitch
Pull up the Phantom, show 'em how we switch
From the Bentley blinds spur kill 'em with the six
Bedstuy what up y'all, what up with your girl
How she leave dude broke tell them boys on work
I'm in the G5 jedi, Brooklyn what's your chrome
Cause that niggas lieing home if the tutti with the dead-eye
My nigga Neck got hit up in his truck
And no Stranel ain't the same since Homo got touched
Nasty with the pistol, nasty with the clit
See I'm a beast with it, fucking 'til I'm crippled
Ill nuns squeezing the lhama
Bog roll dutty, Fox and Poppa

[Snoop Dogg:]
Run for your gun you suckers
B.I.G. I'm a get them motherfuckers
Don't you worry about a thing, bang-bang-boogie
I got a few chickens that's gon' work that noggie
In the lack with a sack go and put it on the mat
What it do nephew (Where Brooklyn at?)
Uh, turning it out, run in your house
Gun in your mouth, motherfucker quit running your mouth

[Chorus]

What you really want from a nigga?..
{Notorious B.I.G.}
Good evenin ladies and gentlemen
How's everybody doin tonite?
I'd like to welcome to the stage, the lyrically acclaimed, ha
I like this young man, because, when he came out
he came out wit the phrase, he went from ashy to classy
Ha, I like that
So everybody in the house, give a warm, round of applause for
The Notorious B.I.G. *clapping*
The Notorious B.I.G. ladies and gentlemen give it up for him ya'll

Uhhh
A nigga never been as broke as me, I like that
When I was young I had two pair of Lees, besides that
The pin stripes and the gray (uh-huh)
The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While niggas flirt, I'm sewing tigers on my shirt
and alligators
Ya wanna see the inside, huh, I see ya later
Here come the drama, oh, that's that nigga wit the fake, blaow!
Why you punch me in my face, stay in ya place
Play ya position, here come my intuition
Go in this nigga pocket
Rob him while his friends watchin
That hoes clockin, here comes respect
His crew's your crew, or they might be next
Look at they man eye, BIG man they never try
So we roll wid em, stole wid em
I mean loyalty, niggaz bought me milks at lunch
The milks was chocolate, the cookies, buttercrunch
In here, eyes crossed from blue and white dust
Pass the blunt

{112}
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want

{Notorious B.I.G.}
Uh-huh, I was a shame, my crew was lame
I have enough heart for most of em
Long as I got stuff from most of em
It's on, even when I was wrong I got my point across
They depicted me the boss, of course
My orange box-cutter make the world go round
Plus I'm fuckin, bitches ain't my homegirls now
Start stackin, dabbled in crack, gun packin
Nickname Medina, make the seniors tote my ninas
From gym class, to Englass, pass off a global
The only nigga wit a mobile, Can't You See like Total
Gettin larger in waist and taste
Ain't no tellin where this felon is headin, just in case
Keep a shell at the tip of ya melon, clear da space
Ya brain was a terrible thing ta waste
Eighty-eight long gates, snatch initial name plates
Smokin spliffs wit niggaz, real life beginner killers
Prayin God forgive us for being sinners, help us out

{112}
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want

{Notorious B.I.G.}
After realizin, to master enterprisin
I ain't have ta be in school by ten, I was in
Began to encounter, wit my counter-parts
I holla burn the block apart, break it down into sections
Drugs by the selection
Some use pipes, others use in-jec-tions
Syringe sold seperately, Frank the deputy
Quick to grab my Smith-n-Wessun, like my dick was missin
To protect my position, my corner, my layer
While we out here, say the hustlas prayer
If the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man
Take a better stand
Put money in my moms hand
Get my daughter this college plan, so she don't need no man
Stay far from timid
Only make moves when ya heart's in it
And live the phrase Sky's The Limit
Motherfucker... see you chumps on top

{112}
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
...
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want...
[Verse One:]

I'm sittin in the crib dreamin about Leer jets and coupes
The way Salt shoops and how they sell records like Snoop
Oops!
I'm interrupted by a doorbell
3:52, who the hell
Is this?
I gets up quick
Cocks my shit
Stop the dogs from barkin
Then proceed to walkin
Its a face that I seen before
My nigga Sing, we used to sling on the 16th floor
Check it
I look deeper
I see blood up on his sneakers
And his fist gripped a chrome four-fifth
So I dip
Nigga, is you creepin or speakin?
He tells me C-Rock just got hit up at the beacon
I opens up the door, pitiful
Is he in critical?
Retaliation for this one won't be minimal
Cuz I'm a criminal
Way before the rap shit
Bust the gat shit
Puff won't even know what happened,
If it's done smoothly
Silencers on the Uzi
Stash in the hooptie
My alibi, any cutie
With a booty that don't fuck the Pop
Head spinnin, reminiscin bout my man C-Rock

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Somebody's gotta die
If I got, you gotta go
Somebody's gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody's gotta die
Nobody gotta know
That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid

[Verse Two:]

Fillin clips he explained our situation
Precisely, so we know exactly what we facin
Some kid named Jason
In a highway station, raggin
Was braggin
About how much loot and crack he stackin
Rock had a grip so they formed up a clique
Small crew
'Round the time I was locked up with you
True indeed
But yo nigga let me proceed
Don't fill them clips too high
Give them bullets room to breathe
Damn where was I?
Yeah
One night in town
Blew the fuck up
D-Rock went home
And Jay got stuck the fuck up
Hit 'em twice
Got 'em right for the virgin white
Pistol whipped his kids
And taped up his wife
He said "Yo Rock, set em up", no question
Wet em up no less 
Than 50 shots in his direction
How many shots?
Man nigga, I seen mad holes
What kinda gats?
Hitch links, Cocks, and Calicoles
But fuck that
I know where all them niggas rest at
In the buildin hustlin
And they don't be strapped
Supreme in black
Is downstairs, the engine runnin
Find a bag to put the guns in
And c'mon if yo comin

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]
Exchanged hugs and pounds before the throw down
How its gonna go down
Lay these niggas low-down
Slow down
Fuck all that plannin shit
Run up in they cribs
And make em catch the man n shit
See niggas like you do ten year bids
Miss the niggas they want
And murder innocent kids
Not I
One niggas in my eye
That's Jason
Ain't no slugs gonna be wasted
Revenge I'm tastin at the tip of my lips
I can't wait to feel my clip in his hips
Pass the chocolate
Thai
Sing ain't lie
There's Jason with his back to me
Talkin to his faculty
I start to get a funny feelins
Put the mask on in case his niggas start squealin
Scream his name out
Squeeze six knuckles shorter
Nigga turned around holdin his daughter
[Verse One:]

I'm sittin in the crib dreamin about Leer jets and coupes
The way Salt shoops and how they sell records like Snoop
Oops!
I'm interrupted by a doorbell
3:52, who the hell
Is this?
I gets up quick
Cocks my shit
Stop the dogs from barkin
Then proceed to walkin
Its a face that I seen before
My nigga Sing, we used to sling on the 16th floor
Check it
I look deeper
I see blood up on his sneakers
And his fist gripped a chrome four-fifth
So I dip
Nigga, is you creepin or speakin?
He tells me C-Rock just got hit up at the beacon
I opens up the door, pitiful
Is he in critical?
Retaliation for this one won't be minimal
Cuz I'm a criminal
Way before the rap shit
Bust the gat shit
Puff won't even know what happened,
If it's done smoothly
Silencers on the Uzi
Stash in the hooptie
My alibi, any cutie
With a booty that don't fuck the Pop
Head spinnin, reminiscin bout my man C-Rock

[Chorus: repeat 2X]

Somebody's gotta die
If I got, you gotta go
Somebody's gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody's gotta die
Nobody gotta know
That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid

[Verse Two:]

Fillin clips he explained our situation
Precisely, so we know exactly what we facin
Some kid named Jason
In a highway station, raggin
Was braggin
About how much loot and crack he stackin
Rock had a grip so they formed up a clique
Small crew
'Round the time I was locked up with you
True indeed
But yo nigga let me proceed
Don't fill them clips too high
Give them bullets room to breathe
Damn where was I?
Yeah
One night in town
Blew the fuck up
D-Rock went home
And Jay got stuck the fuck up
Hit 'em twice
Got 'em right for the virgin white
Pistol whipped his kids
And taped up his wife
He said "Yo Rock, set em up", no question
Wet em up no less
Than 50 shots in his direction
How many shots?
Man nigga, I seen mad holes
What kinda gats?
Hitch links, Cocks, and Calicoles
But fuck that
I know where all them niggas rest at
In the buildin hustlin
And they don't be strapped
Supreme in black
Is downstairs, the engine runnin
Find a bag to put the guns in
And c'mon if yo comin

[Chorus]

[Verse Three:]
Exchanged hugs and pounds before the throw down
How its gonna go down
Lay these niggas low-down
Slow down
Fuck all that plannin shit
Run up in they cribs
And make em catch the man n shit
See niggas like you do ten year bids
Miss the niggas they want
And murder innocent kids
Not I
One niggas in my eye
That's Jason
Ain't no slugs gonna be wasted
Revenge I'm tastin at the tip of my lips
I can't wait to feel my clip in his hips
Pass the chocolate
Thai
Sing ain't lie
There's Jason with his back to me
Talkin to his faculty
I start to get a funny feelins
Put the mask on in case his niggas start squealin
Scream his name out
Squeeze six knuckles shorter
Nigga turned around holdin his daughter
Notorious...

[B.I.G.]

Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,

[B.I.G. - Verse]
Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang wit us,
Straight up weed no angel dust, label us notorious, thug ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us,
Ya'll niggas be scramblin gamblin, up in restaurants with mandolins and violins,
We just sittin here tryin to win, tryin' not to sin,
High off weed and lots of gin, so much smoke need oxygen,
Steadily countin' them benjamins, nigga you should to if u knew wut this game would do 2 u,
Bin in this shit since '92, look at all the bullshit I've bin through,
So called beef with u know who, fucked a few female stars or two,
Then a bluelight niggas knew like
Mike-shiiit not to be fuck wit. Muthafucka betta duck quick..cuzz me and my
Dogs love to buck shit, fuck the luck shit strictly aim
No asperation to
Quit da game. Spit yo' game, talk yo shit, grab yo gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip and hit the right one
Pass dat weed l gotta light one
All them niggas l gotta fight one
All them hoes l gotta like one
Our situation is a tight one
What u wanna do? fight or run?
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,

[Twista]
Making money livin' marvelous, in god we trust,
Don't too many niggas wanna start wit us, got big guns in the cars wit us,
Bust at any muther fucka actin hard wit us,
Don't really wanna show u wut a G.I.B., I'd rather be sippin' Remy in V.I.P.,
When u hear the music it'll be by me, Twista with the legendary nigga B.I.G.,
Brooklyn and K-town, when u checkin out the flow, u know its goin rain with persistence,
2 legends on the same track, 2 different plains of existence,
Lets get it crackin' I love to bust flows, hit it from the back cus I love to buck hoe,
Spit it for the city I love Chi-ca-go, cali-coes buck, I love to bust those,
You think you can spit on the mike like Biggie and flow just as steady as I, shit is real u know u love
Him, u ain't got "Ready to Die",
"Life After Death", give to 'em, however u wanna nigga,that a day after, give it to ya, however u wanna
Nigga, cus the shit is giddie, so I carry big heat, screamin' come and get me,
Twista and Biggie on the Swizz beat,
3 mils I love to make 1, all these cars I love to ride 1,
All these hoes I love to cut 1, a tribute to
BIG I love to bust 1,

Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,

[Bone Thugs N Harmony]
In the middle of it hammer, bring niggas more drama than they baby mama, nigga on my back ima bomb ya,
One man but attack like a pack of piranhas, like terracotta,
Niggas always ready for war, they don't really wanna see a nigga tho,
We can hit 'em, in a minute, then be finished with 'em
Hit 'em with the venom of a nigga with a sick-o flo
Here wit Swizz, Oh NO!, niggas in trouble,
Somebody better call po-po, its gonna be murder when I get to servin them burners (YEAH),
And niggas ya'll heard of me, brick city killa, nigga word to me,
And i'm passed that like Bernie Magic, wit a jack that'll snatch that rep, and stack some, drag him,
Double on that back random, with the bullets stop brand him,
Feeling hard you can't harass him,
Put it up in your magic, catch the magnum flashing cannons, niggas ain't ready for this 1, cus im on a
Mission to get even better than believe it i'm heavily heated,
It's easy to see it, if you wanna see me let that be the reason.

[B.I.G. - Chorus]

Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit,grab your gat, call your clicks, squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass
That weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip hit the right one, pass that weed I got to light one,
[RING, RING]

(Hello? Aw shit, nigga. What the fuck time is it, man?
Oh god damn. Nigga do you know what time it is?
Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on? You alright?
Aw, nigga what the fuck is wrong wit you?)

When I die, fuck it I wanna go to hell
Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
God will probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger
Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
My babies' mothers 8 months, her little sister's 2
Who's to blame for both of them (naw nigga, not you)
I swear to God I just want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddah head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't,
I can't believe suicide's on my fuckin' mind
I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
Naw you wouldn't understand (nigga, talk to me please)
You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
She knew me and her sista had somethin' goin' on
I reach my peak, I can't speak,
call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak.
I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin',
matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin'.
[BANG]
(hey yo big...hey yo big)
(chuck d) one two three four five six seven eight nine

Uhh, its the ten crack commandments
What, uhh, uhh
Nigga cant tell me nothin bout this coke, uh-huh
Cant tell me nothin bout this crack, this weed
To my hustlin niggaz
Niggaz on the corner I aint forget you niggaz
My triple beam niggaz, word up

(chuck d) one two three four five six seven eight nine
Ten

I been in this game for years, it made me a animal
Its rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step by step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule nombre uno: never let no one know
How much, dough you hold, cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy specially
If that man fucked up, get your ass stuck up
Number two: never let em know your next move
Dont you know bad boys move in silence or violence
Take it from your highness (uh-huh)
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number three: never trust no-bo-dy
Your momsll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodie to mask up, shit, for that fast buck
She be layin in the bushes to light that ass up
Number four: know you heard this before
Never get high, on your own supply
Number five: never sell no crack where you rest at
I dont care if they want a ounce, tell em bounce
Number six: that God damn credit, dead it
You think a crackhead payin you back, shit forget it
Seven: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely seperated
Money and blood dont mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number eight: never keep no weight on you
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jobs too
Number nine shoulda been number one to me
If you aint gettin bags stay the fuck from police (uh-huh)
If niggaz think you snitchin aint tryin listen
They be sittin in your kitchen, waitin to start hittin
Number ten: a strong word called consignment
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you aint got the clientele say hell no
Cause they gon want they money rain sleet hail snow
Follow these rules youll have mad bread to break up
If not, twenty-four years, on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you pass
Your girl fucked my man jake up, heard in three weeks
She sniffed a whole half of cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up, uhh

Crack king, frank blizzard
Uhh

(chuck d) one two three four five six seven eight nine
Ten
I went from construction Timbs, to Ac's with rims
Flippin mix tapes - to bitches feedin me grapes
Peep my mind state, Big Poppa flow is lethal
That weed wanna make my ass wanna kill four people
Fuck the game, gimme the chain and the Range
My niggaz up to par, drop-top Jaguars
Lock on you when you step in the car
Lock-whole you when you step in the car
That's the superstar status apparatus, more wins than Cassius
Cease roll the hashes in the pocket with the 9
Roll up the whole dime, as my seats recline
I want a presidential Roley, so I crush MC's to guacamole
Makin Robin scream, "holy moley"
Big Poppa, fuck a cape I'm that Paper Crusader
Playin Sega in the wide body Blazer
I shot dice with a preacher and drank yak with a pastor
So I see myself and I know, my own lord and master
When your ass was born it was all on the own and
When it's time to die you'll be all alone so
Open up your mind, ball up your knuckle bone and
start takin care of your own, nigga
Everybody's schemin with the nature of a sinner
So I look inside myself to gather strength from the inner
I gots to fight back against the powers that be
Cause the powers that be be, tryin to fight me
Standin at the crossroad but I wasn't by myself
Some take the right and, some take the left
But lo and behold, what do I see?
In the distance, some resistance
It's that Funkadelic, funk Doctor Spock impale it
Fuck the vest niggaz better start puttin on helmets
I roam the streets where there's no peace, relax
Funk comin in stacks, bullets comin from gats
So I duck, lyrical buck buck get stuck
I'm jammin like Smuckers for all you motherfuckers
that cause the ruckus, then I fix a few snitches
BLA-DOW! Plus my style cock like new bitches
I roll with forward high punches, spit a flame like Liu Kang
Burnin yo' membranes, when the wind change
Mad explicit was lifted, my scriptures
leavin your mic boney like that +Tale of the Crypt+ bitch
Uhh! All y'all niggaz suck my balls one time
While I unwind I'm bustin yo' ass counter-clockwise
I get dumb, and dumber while your vision blur
For all the loooos-errssss
Aiyyo mayday, mayday
Raise the white flag, let the pants sag
Fuck the drag, I'ma puff a whole bag
It's low down and I'm low-key
Now O.G. niggaz know me (true)
So take it easy, let's dance
It ain't surprisin, these motherfuckers still hatin
They must don't know, I ain't that nigga to be played with
Different stages, way back in eighty-eight
Bet a nigga like Mike'll stomp the head of a snake
My voice was felt, when my feet hit the ground
And fate is fair, when my heat made a sound
Now, how did I relate what's gonna fall
when my niggaz made the fuckin "Final Call"?
It ain't no sunshine, it ain't no sunshine
It's like yea yea yea yea, yea yea yea yea
Yea yea yea yea yeahh, it's like that
Hey YOU - don't you dare give me no type of argument
All these devils are mad because we be the most dominant
Hey, hit you with fatness, represent my blackness
Run up on devils like a savage in pursuit of happiness
You better believe everytime we come, we come hard
The undisputed truth is that the black man is God
Now everytime I turn around my people start subtractin
They cause this shit then they wonder why we start overreactin
Hey-ey-ey! You can pick and choose it
Right before you lose it, I'ma hit you with my music
I'm fightin up sheisters (?) with my cyanide
Watch me go inside, please give me room, yo step aside, HA!
Those who commit the ultimate crimes
Bitches run around like snitches out there droppin dimes
Get yo' shit tossed by my hammer, the survivalist
Represent the next black man
I stepped in the jam with the God on my side
And the God S.T. is still waitin in the ride
So I, step to the DJ and tell the DJ
Yo throw the wax on - how many MC's must get dead?
Puttin your shit to the pave', heatin and meetin the gauge
Live in the land of real crazed days
Gotta blaze amazin up in it but it takes Bone
My deadly thugged up brothers rugged never did take no losses
Put 'em all in a coffin, get chilly, (?) better call him
Flippin a psycho-path
When I'm not buckin I'm blastin, takin my chances
Niggaz is fearin my sawed off, put me to rest, the last to blast
You thinkin they gainin too bad they bangin they shit
and they too busy to make friends
Cause when we get done with them thugs then no remains
These bones these bones are thuggin whassup an
These niggaz are heated defeated every single it is
We bustin them mack 10's, these shit never ends sawed off and
We building a single army
and liquor an singers we killin we thrillin an pillin
scibby dip hib da
break bread an killin the trife
hittin the fast bitch
but you can tell me we thank the lord
we livin to armageddon
an gettin some medals
and no bitches jus snitches we thank the lord..
[Verse One: Notorious, Meth]

I used to get feels on a bitch
Now I throw shields on the dick
To stop me from that HIV shit
And niggaz know they soft like a Twinkie filling
Playin the villian
Prepare for this rap killin
Biggie Smalls is the illest
Your style is played out, like Arnold wondered
"What you talkin bout Willis?"
The thrill is gone, the black Frank White
is here to excite and
throw dick to dykes
Bitches I like em brainless
Guns I like em stainless steel
I want the fuckin Fortune like the Wheel
I squeeze gats till my clips is empty
Don't tempt me (T-H-O-D Man)
You don't want to fuck with Biggie

Here I am, I'll be damned if this ain't some shit
Come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit
It's the low killer death trap, yes I'm a jet black ninja
Comin where you rest at, surrender
Step inside the ring, youse the number one contender
Lookin cold booty like your pussy in December
Nigga stop bitchin, button up ya lip and
From Method all you gettin is a can of ass-whippin
Hey, I'll be kickin, you son, you doin all the yappin
Actin as if it can't happen
You front and got me mad enough to touch somethin
Yo I'm from Shaolin, Island, and ain't afraid to bust somethin
So what cha want nigga, ya punk nigga
I got a six-shooter and a horse named Trigger
It's real, ninety-four, rugged raw
Kickin down your god damn door (and it goes a lil somethin like this)

[Chorus:]

Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
And everything you get ya gotta work hard fot it
Honies shake your hips, ya don't stop
And niggaz pack the clips, keep on

[Verse Two: Meth, Notorious]

Verse two, comin with that Olde E brew
Meth-tical, puttin niggaz back in I.C.U.
I'm lifted troop, you can bring yours wack ass crew
I got connections, I'll get that ass stuck like glue, huh
No question, I be comin down and shit
Yo I gets rugged as a motherfuckin carpet get
And niggaz love it, not in the physical form but in the mental
I spark and they cells get warm
I'm not a gentle, man, I'm a Method, Man!
Baby accept it, utmost respect it
(Assume the position) Stop look and listen
I spit on your grave then I grab my Charles Dickens

Welcome to my center
Honies feel it deep in they placenta
Cold as the pole in the winter
Far from the inventor, but I got this rap shit sewed
And when my Mac unloads
I'm guaranteed another video
Ready to die, why I act that way?
Pop Duke left Mom Duke
The faggot took the back way
So instead of makin hoes suck my dick up
I used to do stick-up
Cause hoes is irritatin like the hic-CUPS
Excuse me, flows just grow through me
Like trees to branches
Cliffs to avalanches
It's the praying mantis
Deep like the mind of Farrakhan
A motherfuckin rap phenomenon, plus

(I got more glocks and techs than you)
I make it hot (Nigga won't even stand next to you)
Nigga touch me you better bust me
tree times in the head
Or motherfucker's dead, ya thought so

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
"Make it hot" - [Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X)]

The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

[Verse One: Puff Daddy]

Now first come the cash, then come the ass
Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash
When I score with a whore she be game for sure
Pimp so hard, a nigga drag his mink on the floor
Won't you admit it? I ain't gotta talk because I live it
Any chick fuckin with me, believe me that's a privelege
I won't be satisfied, till all my niggaz get it
See you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it
And Big be that nigga we be flyin through your hood
And hoodrats scopin with they eyes on my goods
See we date em like we hate em, see em like we don't need em
Treat em like we meet em, and never give up freedom
And we only give our number to selected few
And it's best that you, never knew, what good head'll do
Turn a freak to a bisexual
and if she's flexible fuck the nigga next to you

"Make it hot" - [Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in the background)]

The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
But we'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

[Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.]

When the Remi's in the system, ain't no tellin
Will I fuck em will I diss em, that's what these hoes yellin
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all still chase on, I'll replace on, punks
Drunk of Dom, silk and gators
Spittin words makin birds till they flock see you later
Whether, drunk or high, skunk or thai
Nigga play against some playa shit, slugs gon fly
Ain't no lie, pimped out, the SSI
Nigga don't ask why, just respect it
She bought me the necklace, the bracelet
The Benz-o, she laced it
Crib-o, got it, interior decorated
Now my popularity grew, in each state
Now I got two in each state
Used to drink brew and eat steak
Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates

"Make it hot" - [Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in background)]

The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
But we'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

[Verse Three: Too $hort]

I had a whole lotta bitches in my lifetime
I been blessed with the game always say the right lines
Had a few prostitues and if you knew the truth
They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you
She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch man
She wanna be a Pretty Woman lovin a rich man
Now here you come, drop top ridin
You ain't no pimp fake nigga stop lyin
Pussy makes money, stick to the business
Think about the real motherfuckers that live it
Street life, pimp shit, make the hoe respect the game
You bought her diamonds and cars, trick that's a shame
Say what you want, but I still figured
She left you cause you couldn't be, like them real niggaz
She was a hustler by nature, and you was just faker
than the average symps, found a badder pimp
Too $hort

Crazy ass man
I never woulda bought that bitch all them cars 
and all that shit you bought that hoe man
After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe!
Man I'm thirty years old nigga
And that bitch was hoein when I was in 9th grades and shit
Think about that, she been around then right?
Shit... you just a rest haven for hoes man
Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen
Bitch only fuckin witchu cause you had a good ass job, nigga nerd
Treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her
Stupid ass nigga
She ain't nuttin but a hoe!
Bet you fell in love with her man!
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife fool
Everytime you turn your back that bitch is fuckin with dem gangstas
Eastside Westside these are my potnahs
Do that shit, you know what I'm talkin bout nigga
I tell you about some real pimps and hoes
Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man, yeah I know a few
Shit, beyotch!
Verse one:

Remember back in the days, when niggaz had waves
Gazelle shades, and corn braids
Pitchin pennies, honies had the high top jellies
Shootin skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
Loungin at the barbeques, drinkin brews
With the neighborhood crews, hangin on the avenues
Turn your pagers, to nineteen ninety three
Niggaz is gettin smoked g, believe me
Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
Cause real street niggaz aint havin that shit
Totin techs for rep, smokin blunts in the project
Hallways, shootin dice all day
Wait for niggaz to step up on some fightin shit
We get hype and shit and start lifin shit
So step away with your fist fight ways
Motherfucker this aint back in the days, but you dont hear me though

Verse two:

No more cocoa leave-io, one two three
One two three, all of this to me, is a mystery
I hear you motherfuckers talk about it
But I stay seein bodies with the motherfuckin chalk around it
And Im down with the shit too
For the stupid motherfuckers wanna try to use kung-fu
Instead of a mac-10 he tried scrappin
Slugs in his back and, thats what the fuck happens
When you sleep on the street
Little motherfuckers with heat, want ta leave a nigga six feet deep
And we comin to the wake
To make sure the cryin and commotion aint a motherfuckin fake
Back in the days, our parents used to take care of us
Look at em now, they even fuckin scared of us
Callin the city for help because they cant maintain
Damn, shit done changed

Verse three:

If I wasnt in the rap game
Id probably have a key knee deep in the crack game
Because the streets is a short stop
Either youre slingin crack rock or you got a wicked jumpshot
Shit, its hard being young from the slums
Eatin five cent gums not knowin where your meals comin from
And now the shits gettin crazier and major
Kids younger than me, they got the sky grand pagers
Goin outta town, blowin up
Six months later all the dead bodies showin up
It make me wanna grab the nine and the shottie
But I gotta go identify the body
Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts? 
Everytime I turn around a nigga gettin took out
Shit, my momma got cancer in her breast
Dont ask me why Im motherfuckin stressed, things done changed
[Puff Daddy]
Yo..
Yo.. check this out
YEAH! MotherFUCKERS, C'MON!
MotherFUCKERS, c'mon B.I.G. motherFUCKERS
B.I.G., motherFUCKERS
Two thou', B.I.G. motherFUCKERS
??, two thou', motherFUCKERS
??, B.I.G. motherFUCKERS
B.I.G. at war, motherFUCKERS
B.I.G. ... we proceed ..
to give you, what you need
I am.. as we proceed ..
to give you all what you need motherFUCKERS
B.I.G., motherFUCKERS
OHHHHH SHIT!!!

[Notorious B.I.G. - overlaps above]
Yo.. too much smoke in here man
Crack the fuckin window man
that's how the fuck you went to jail last time nigga
The fuck wrong with you nigga.. the fuck man?
Ahh ehh.. stupid nigga man
Nigga fuck that
Yo.. yo! Yo-yo-yo, yo, yo, yo.. yo
Yo-yo-yo, yo.. yo
Yo.. 

I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you loose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods yo' Dungarees
And that's just the half on my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
than the average playa hater, and spectators
buy my CD twice; they see me in the streets
They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low doe"
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggaz, snort-caine niggaz
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard, like my girls nipples be
The game sour like like a pickle be, y'all know da rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz -- thinkin bout
all the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad cause I blew, niggaz envious
Too many niggaz on my dick, shit strenuous
When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha)
Blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothin
Catch cases, come out frontin, smokin somethin
Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin
I laced it wit the basic, six TV's a system
Knockin Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit
Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you, for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, mixed shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, LONG KISS

[Chorus: Joe Hooker]

Y'all can't see this..
That this might be the night..
This might be the night that's right, that's right
This might be the night.. (kiss your ass goodbye)

[Havoc]
Niggaz playin they hands wrong, that's why they won't last long
Finessed, what I was dealt with from the day I was born
While you bent up on that corner, niggaz plottin and scheamin
Up in them little holes, be creepin wit mad demons
Niggaz knows, not to fuck with my dough
Niggaz know not to fuck with this little bro I'm ten seconds hit'n'go
Black mask black truck chrome rims Chuck Timbs
Enough to confuse, any witness
Strongest of calibers, is what we only travel wit
You gotta get hit, your man did, so you got a hand in it
Extort y'all, once friends, now we gotta cross y'all
You know the niggaz with the biggest balls set the new laws
and flip fours, have em washin drawers while you up North
Gat to your jugular, getting your salad tossed
Overhearin niggaz situation, sayin, "Like we thought"
Sittin on the stand with no remorse

[Chorus]

[Prodigy]
Yo, yo how we do niggaz, I don't beef I shoot niggaz
If I can't get the main character, a few niggaz then
I don't need no gin to boost me
I got enough steam to blow, somebody gotta go
I got fire in my heart, guns in my car
Cash in my Carharts, it ain't hard to get em 
like blaow when I hit em, the nigga shit his drawers
when the 40-pound hit him, the fuck these niggaz thought?
Could it be the fame, maybe it's the 2 Benz or
would it be the same if I couldn't claim those?
Fuckin with, hoes ??
Cock sucker beat it while you bleed it on the dashboard
Niggaz get, what they hand call for, again bricks
You get deaded, I get erections, over revenge
Can you get a quiet spot in the shade, for a breeze
I lay a nigga down and steam roll away ??

[Chorus 2X]

[Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus]

[Puff Daddy]
I never thought it would be like this
I never thought it would be like this
Always thought you would be here
Always thought you would be by my side
I never thought it'd be like this
OH GOD I MISS YOU! C'MON! YEA!

[Chorus]

[Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus]
[Intro: Missy (B.I.G.)]
Uh (uh)
Come on (uh)
It goes B to the I to the G so proper
Missy and Big Poppa (Check it out)
Call us chief knockers

[Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.]
Damn Ma, I love you like the lah, the ganja
Sensimilla, can I feel ya
All I wanna do is touch ya
The ultimate rush, you're drugs baby

[Missy]
Don't you know I'm the ultimate? To get this nookie, be fortunate
Just like tastin pussy with pork in it
People stop when I'm walkin in, I'm twist-in twistin 'em
Back on ten, I'm talkin 'bout like when Mase come back again
My ski's is immaculate, my paper stackin keep trackin
I'm mackin yo slackin, reaction makes ya'll dicks grin
I'm mo' better than gold diggers with figures
Mo' bigger than Jigga's and even Paris Hilton's
Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none
Sent am-ilia, all you wanna do is sniff me
The ultimate rush, get high baby
Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none
Sent am-ilia, all you wanna do is sniff me
The ultimate rush, the drugs baby

[Chorus 2x (w/ Biggie ad-libs)]

[Biggie]
Now Biggie Smalls is not the type to fall in love with 'em
Hit 'em and forget 'em and go handle my business

[Missy]
I like the kind of whine and dine, who grindin all the time
Yo ex girl was a fly, but now lucked up on a dime nigga

[Biggie]
?? with you, all you wanna do is lay around
And stay around and get mad when I play around

[Missy]
I like to lay never work, put your money in my purse
To the mall, I go search matchin shoes for my skirt

[Biggie]
Tuesday I saw you on the zee, but you still wanna get wit me
Wednesday is the Benz day, that's what your friends say

[Missy]
Me and my friends got your Benz, attractin mens
And spendin dividends, blowin like the wind

[Chorus 2x (w/ Biggie ad-libs)]

[Biggie]
So I guess you think I'm slippin cause I ain't flippin
Baby, I'm Big Poppa, ain't no need to be trippin

[Missy]
I ain't trippin nor flippin, I'm just liquor sippin
At the bar, tippin wit your money, can you pay the difference?

[Biggie]
It seems like it's a waiste of time, that's why I wrote the rhyme
I hear you jump in every car, except for mines

[Missy]
Nigga, I don't jump in cars, I'm a super star
Face way to flaw, you should hang me on your wall

[Biggie]
All I do all day is drink Tanqueray
Thinking of a way to put a smile on your face

[Missy]
Make me smile, see them teeth, me look cute down to them features
My waste, my physique, me don't want freak-a-leek

[Biggie]
Should I whine and dine? You put ring on your fingers
While sex from the next man in the bedroom lingers

[Missy]
Sex will never linger, hold up, put up the blinkers
I flow just like sprinklers, give yo ass the middle finger

[Biggie]
You better slow your role baby, you ain't got enough dough to pay me
You know the pin number, just page me when you will baby

[Chorus 2x (w/ Missy ad-libs)]
[Verse 1]
Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one
Representing BK to the fullest
Gats I pull it, bastards ducking when Big be bucking
Chickenheads be clucking in my bathroom fucking
It ain't nothing, they know Big be handling
With the mac in the Ac' door paneling
Bandagin' MC's, oxygen they can't breathe
Mad tricks up the sleeve, wear boxers so my dick can breathe
Breeze through in the Q-45 by my side, lyrical high
And those that rushes my clutches get put on crutches
Get smoked like dutches from the master
Hate to blast you, but I have to, you see I smoke a lot
Your life is played out like Kwame, and them fucking polka dots
Who rock the spot? Biggie
You know how the weed go, unbelievable

[Verse 2]
B-I-G, G-I-E, AKA, B.I.G
Get it? Biggie
Also known as the bon appetit
Rappers can't sleep need sleeping Big keep creeping
Bullets heat-seeking, casualties need treating
Dumb rappers need teaching
Lesson A - don't fuck with B-I, that's that
Oh I, thought he was wack. Oh come come now
Why y'all so dumb now - hunt me or be hunted
I got three hundred and fifty-seven ways
To simmer saute, I'm the winner all day
Lights get dimmer down Biggie's hallway
My forte causes Caucasians to say
He sounds demented, car weed scented
If I said it, I meant it
Bite my tongue for no-one
Call me evil, or unbelievable

[Verse 3]
Buck shots out the sun roof of Lexus Coupes
Leave no witnesses, what you think this is?
Ain't no amateurs here, I damage and tear
MC's fear me, they too near not to hear me
Clearly, I'm the triple beam dream
One thousand grams of uncut to the gut
It seems fucked up, the way I touched up the grill
Trying to play gorilla, when you ain't no killer
The gat's by your liver, your upper lip quiver
Get ready to die, tell God I said hi
And throw down some ice, for the nicest MC
Niggas know the steelo, unbelievable
TRACK 16 ON READY TO DIE
[Verse One:]

Live from Bedford-Stuyverson, the livest one
Representin BK to the fullest
Gats I pull it, bastards duckin when Big be buckin
Chickenheads be cluckin in my bathroom fuckin
It ain't nuttin, they know Big be handlin
With the Mac in the act all paneling
Bandaging MC's, oxygen they can't breathe
Mad tricks up the sleeve, red boxers so my dick can breathe
Breeze through in the Q-45 by my side, lyrical high
And those that rushes my cluthes get put on crutches
Get smoked like dutches from the master
Hate to blast ya, but I have ta, you see I smoke a lot
Your life is played out like Kwame, and them fuckin polka dots
Who rock the spot? Biggie!
You know how the weed yo, unbelievable

[Verse Two:]

B-I-G, G-I-E, AKA, B.I.G.
Get it? Biggie
Also known as the bon appetit
Rappers can't sleep need sleepin Big keep creepin
Bulelts heat-seekin, casualties need treatin
Dumb rappers need teachin
Lesson A - don't fuck with B-I, that's that, oh I, thought he was wack
Oh come come now, why y'all so dumb now
Hunt me or be hunted, three hundred and fifty-seven ways
To summer sautee, I'm the winner all day
Lights get dimmer down Biggie's hallway
My forte causes caucausians to say
He sounds demented, car-weed scented
If I said it, I meant it
Bite my tongue for no-one
Call me evil, or unbelievable

[Verse Three:]

Buck shots out the sun roof of Lexus Coupe's
Leave no witnesses, what you think this is
Ain't no amateurs here, I damage and tear
MC's fear me, they too near not to hear me
Clearly, I'm the triple beam dream
One thousand grams of uncut to the gut
It seems fucked up, the way I touched up the grill
Tryin to play gorilla, when you ain't no killer
The gat's by your liver, your upper lip quiver
Get ready to die, tell God I said hi
And throw down some ice, for the nicest MC
Niggaz know the steelo, unbelievable
[Korn electric guitar plays until 0:33]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin
The lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin
Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question
How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
and my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake

[Korn + (Notorious B.I.G.)]
I'm here, I'm watching you (if I should die before I wake)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (if I should die before I wake)
This, can be, reality (if I should die before I wake)
Wake, up, my dead face I see (if I should die before I wake)
My dead face I see, my dead face I SEE!!

[Korn electric guitar w/ indistinct shouting]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
On your mark, get set, when I spark you're wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked wit death
Should I, start your breath or should I let you die
If he start to cry, ask why?
Lyrically, I'm worshipped, don't front, the word's sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get, stomped quickly for raw T's and show money
Don't forget the publishin, I'm punishin
I'm done wit them, son I'm surprised you run wit them
I think they got cumin, cause they nothin but bitch
Tryna blow up like nitro wit dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke, but yo I rock diamonds that's sick
Got paper off my flow, ride wit my own click
Take chicks to Cairo, layin wit yo' bitch
I know you playin you was rich
Fuck you prick, when I see you I'ma..

[Korn + (Notorious B.I.G.)]
I am here, I'm watching you (when I see you I'ma..)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (when I see you I'ma..)
This, can be, reality (when I see you I'ma..)
Wake, up, my dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..)
My dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..), my dead face I SEE!!

[Korn electric guitar w/ rock-n-roll singing 'til end]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
When I see you I'ma.. when I see you I'ma..
Who the fuck is this?
pagin me at 5:46 in the mornin crack a dawnin
now I'm yawnin, wipe the cold out my eye
see who's this pagin me and why..
It's my nigga Pop from the barbershop
told me he was in the gamblin spot and heard the intricate plot
some people wanna stick you like fly paper neighbour
slow down love please chill drop the caper
remember them kidz from the hill up in Brownsville
that you rolled dice wit
smoked the blunts and got nice wit
yeah my little Fame up in Prospect
nah dem my people nah love wouldn't disrespect
I didn't say dem,
they schooled me to some niggas
that you knew from back when,
when you was clockin minor figures
Now they heard you blowin up like nitro
know they wanna stick the knife
through your windpipe slow..
so thank Fame for warnin me now I'm warnin you
you got the mac Biggie
tell me what you wanna do...

[CHORUS]
Damn niggas wanna stick me for my papers

[VERSE 2]
They heard about the Rolex's and the Lexus
wit the Texas license plate outta state
they heard about the pounds
you got down in Georgetown
now they heard you got half of Virginia locked down
they even heard about the crib
you bought your moms out in Florida
the fifth corridor....
Call the coroner
there's gonna be alot of slow singin
and flower bringin
if my burgular alarm starts ringin
whatcha think all the guns is for?
all purpose war got the rottweilers by the door
and I feed em gun powder so they can devour
the criminals tryin to clock my decimals
DAMN..niggas wanna stick my for my C.R.E.A.M.
And it ain't a dream things aint always how it seems
it's the ones that smoke blunts witcha
see your picture, now they wanna
grab they guns and come and getcha
Bethca Biggie won't slip
I got the calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
so I can rip through the ligaments
put they bodies in a bad prediciment
where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
Buck with what I had you with
you motherfuckers betta duck
I bring pain, blood stains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a gun he should've packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
so I can reload and explode down ya rasshole
I fuck around and get hardcore
C4 to ya door no beef no more
feel the rush scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff the more dangerous
I dont give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa comes for you
I'm not runnin, nigga I bust my gun in
Hold on I hear somebody comin........
The Commission
Uncle Paulie, P. Diddy
Cease-A-Leo DeGenero (yeahhh)
Charli Baltimore, Iceberg Slim
The most shady, Frankie Baby
We here (do you know what beef is?)
We ain't goin nowhere (do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh (ask yourself, do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh, uhh

Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
rapper style used by me, the B.I.G.
I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seein
Will reach the fuckin ceiling, check, check it
My Calico been cocked (uh-huh) this rap Alfred Hitchcock
drop top notch playa-hatin gon stop (uhh)
This instant, rappers too persistent
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste
like ass when you speak it, see me in the street
your jewelry? You can keep it, that be our little secret
See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin kidnip kids? (uhh)
Fuck em in the ass, throw em over the bridge (oooh)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (what)
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out)
Y'all got the gall, all I make is one phone call
All y'all disappear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow
Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this

What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it

I done smoked with the best of em (uh-huh) shot at the rest of em (uh-huh)
Was about a hundred or more, maybe less of em
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be
wildin on you just be, stylin on you (you so crazy)
When I, tried to warn you but your eyes fucked up
Now I cleared them shits with hits you on the fuckin' bench  (mmm)
Pardon my French but ahh, sometimes I get kinda
peeved at these, weak MC's (don't stop) with the
supreme baller like, lyrics I call em like I see em G
Y'all niggaz sound like me (yeah)
Y'all was grimy in the early nineties, far behind me
It ain't hard to find me number one with the booyaka (booyaka)
Gimme the Remi and the chronic ain't no tellin what I do to ya (I do to ya)
It's obvious the game's new to ya (new to ya)
Take them ends you make (ehehe)
and spend em on a tutor hah, one shot, I'm through with ya

What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU (I see you), one more time
What's beef? (What's beef) Beef is when you make your enemies start your 
Jeep (Start my Jeep) 
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it (I see you)

There'll be nothin but smooth sailin (sailin)
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailin (bailin)
All I got is heat and tough talk for you (uh-huh)
Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use (oooh)
Man listen straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Christopher
Watch me Set It Off like Vivica
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (uh-huh)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen
It's bad cause I just begun, what make the shit real bad
I was havin fun (ahaha!)

What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
(Don't sleep) 
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU (I see you), one more time 
What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
(Start my Jeep) 
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you (I see you)
Guaranteed to be in ICU, and I'm through

(Yeah, and I'm through)
Uhhh, uhhh
The life after
(Now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?)
Life after
(Then ask yourself)
Uhh
(Do you really, want beef?)
Life after, life after *echoes*
(Ahahaha! Yeah, I like that)
(Big Nash, Hitmen baby, on and on and on and on)
(Bad Boy)
(Y'all know what it is)
(Shit, I don't want no beef, ahaaa!)
[BIG]
Throw your hands in the sky, nigga
I'm stickin' ice picks on the tip of ya dick
Give your testicles a swift kick, ain't that some shit?
Am I hard hard core, harder than a Plymouth
It ain't no myth, it's a nigga with the spliff
And a chrome four fifth pressed on ya back
So what you want, nigga? How you wanna act?
I hope civilized cause I love to see niggaz die
Brains all leakin' out on the street
And the pastor preachin' "He was a good man"
Played the bad man when the burner was in his hand
Now he's singin' sad songs with Elvis
Three to the head, bout six cross the pelvis
Ya fuck with the high guy ya die
Yeah the same motherfucker yellin' "Look up in the sky!"
I'm on some old neck shit, Suplex shit, hardcore sex shit, and Tec shit

[Chorus X4 - BIG + (Girl)]
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)

[BIG]
A repetitive loop
All I need to destroy a soloist or group
Huh, I put it to ya boy
Hope you got the scoop
Biggie Smalls, the rap genius
I keep the glock by the penis, the cleanest cut
Fuck the sluts with the big humongous butts
Huh, I use a rubber, but
My style is gushy like the hooker's pussy
And it don't take a lot of back talk to push me
Into flamin' 'em like that little nigga Damien
Pop 19 to my motherfuckin' cranium
Game tight, gun totin' motherfucker
Niggaz in the grave thought Biggie was a sucker
I tricked 'em- I gave 'em work then I sticked 'em
I stripped 'em, cause niggaz don't want the friction
Told you before how I bring the dra-ma
Slam Larry Johnson and his Grandma-ma

[Chorus X4 - BIG + (Girl)]
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)

[Diddy adlibs]
Aye yo
Time to bring 'em back
Yeah

[JAY-Z (BIG)]
It's the Commission, niggaz
B-I-G lives on
??, Brooklyn
Uh, uh, uh, uh, Let's go!
It's fuckin' deadly
Lucky Lefty of the Commission, bow down
By now you fuckers know this is our crown
Two Uptown bullies, Brooklyn Biggie
Bedstuy Hov like Bedstuy Gold
Behold the fly-est (it's the Commission)
Bentley drivers, Louis Vuitton buyers
Jet fuel abusers, sippin' ?Patruise?
+Once Upon A Time In America+'s muse
You based on us, you fiction
Ya eight's don't bust, you a constant contradiction
Ladies please use contraception
Conception's at a all time high with sexin'
Use protection
You fuckers shoulda never been born, shoulda never got signed
How the fuck you got on?
How the fuck you got Shawn?
I'm too advanced, the Lance Armstrong of the dance
Rubberband man before T.I. was
King of New York like B.I. was
B.K. all day, it's in my blood
You wanna see my mask and gloves?
What the fuck you want?

[Chorus X4 - BIG + (Girl)]
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)

[Diddy]
Two of the world's greatest
Brooklyn's Finest
The Commission lives on
BIG Forever
The Biggie Duets
Let's go
[Intro: Puff Daddy]
As we proceed
to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
get live motherfuckers [2X]

As we proceed
to give you what you need
East coast motherfuckers
Bad Boy motherfuckers

BIG - Now turn the mics up
Turn that mic up, yea that beat is knockin
to that microphone
Turn that shit the fuck up
Uh, what?
Turn it up louder
Yea, uh

As we proceed, to give you
what you need
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers

[Verse One:]
Who shot ya?
Seperate the weak from the ob-solete
Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets
It's on nigga, fuck all that bickering beef
I can hear sweat trickling down your cheek
Your heartbeat soun like Sasquatch feet
Thundering, shaking the concrete
Finish it, stop, when I foil the plot
Neighbors call the cops said they heard mad shots
Saw me in the drop, three in the corner

Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
Old school new school need to learn though
I burn baby burn like Disco Inferno
Burn slow like blunts with ya-yo
Peel more skins than Idaho potato
Niggaz know, the lyrics molestin is takin place
Fuckin with B.I.G. it ain't safe
I make your skin chafe, rashes on the masses
Bumps and bruises, blunts and Landcruisers
Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools
Niggaz mad because I know that Cash Rules
Everything Around Me, two glock nines
Any motherfucker whispering about mines
And I'm, Crooklyn's finest
You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this

[Interlude:]
As we proceed
to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
get live motherfuckers

As we proceed
to give you what you need
East coast motherfuckers
Bad Boy motherfuckers

Get high motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Smoke blunts motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Ready to die motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers

[Verse Two:]
I seen the light excite all the freaks
Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
Niggaz wanna creep, got ta watch my back
Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack?
I switches all that, cock-sucker G's up
One false move, get swiss cheesed up
Clip to Tec, respect I demand it
Slip and break the, 11th Commandment
Thou shalt not fuck with raw C-Poppa
Feel a thosand deaths when I drop ya
I feel for you, like Chaka Khan I'm the don
Pussy when I want Rolex on the arm
You'll die slow but calm
Recognize my face, so there won't be no mistake
So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga
Brave nigga, turned front page nigga
Puff Daddy flips daily
I smoke the blunts he sips on the Bailey's
on the rocks, tote glocks at christenings
And my cock, in the fire position and...

(Get live motherfuckers
Ready to Die motherfuckers)

C'mere, c'mere (it ain't gotta be like that Big)
open your fucking mouth, open your... didn't I tell you
don't fuck with me? [muffled] c'mon man
Huh?
Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me?
(as we proceed) (c'mon man) Look at you now
(to give you what you need) Huh? (c'mon man)
(9 to 5 motherfuckers) Can't talk with a gun in your mouth huh?
(get live motherfuckers) Bitch-ass nigga, what?
(get live motherfuckers) [muffled sounds, six gun shots]
(as we proceed...) Who shot ya?

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
...to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get live motherfuckers

(Who shot ya?)

Get high motherfuckers
Ready to Die motherfuckers
Hah!!
As we proceed...

(Who shot ya?)

...to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
East coast motherfuckers

(Who shot ya?)

West coast motherfuckers...
West coast motherfuckers... hah!
As we proceed, to give you what you need
As we proceed
to give you what you need
Get live motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get money motherfuckers

As we proceed
to give you what you need
Get live motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
As we proceeeeeeed
To give you what you need...
9 to 5...
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Venue after venue, I've been through
Coming to the telly, so I can bend you
Send you to the store, condoms and more
Jealous females, call you sluts and whores
Could it be my hardcore metaphor
Make sweat pour on the bedroom floor
Open up the Lex door
Jump on in, I'm kind of tired
I'm a roll blunts while you spin
You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving
Hair blonde out, Madonna style like a virgin
Splurging, Dom P., Ro-se
Much foreplay, that's my forte
Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death
She looking for a man, honey he just left
Violate me, he get beat to death
Goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left
Grand Marnier increase the don strength
Two four-fifths within my arms length
With a calm breath I say we gots to float
Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat
Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine
Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen
And you mean too, eyes greenish blue
Got the Coogi sweater with the bubble Fubu
Beautiful, that's how the night goes
Get out them tight clothes
Get in some night clothes
I invite those girls that smoke lye
Keep it real with you
You keep it real with I
We be tight like frog's ass
Have you screaming "Biggie, Biggie give me one more chance"

[Chorus]
[Puff Daddy]
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)
[Repeat]

[Lil' Kim]
These hoes don't treat you like I treat you
Like my contacts, I can see right through
Don't they know me and you is stuck like glue?
Queen Bitch means number one and two
Wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me
Go head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one
Y'all know where I'm from
Bucktown, lay your ass down
You don't wanna play around (with me)
Probably just mad because Frank chose me
A fly cu-tie, you just a grou-pie
Girls call my telephone just to hang up
While me and you is in the crib, laying up
Oh he ain't tell you that we live together
And that we gonna have a kid together
Whatever, me intimidated, never
Anything you give to him, he give it right to Kim
Anyway, I fuck better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
If I fuck another nigga, don't mean nothing
B.I.G. is in my heart from the start
Whether broke or rich, I'm a stay his bitch
Chicks who used to be around, where they at now?
(See I don't care bout them other broads)
B.I.G. kept it real with me, and that's that

[Chorus fade out]
[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I will fear no evil -- for you are with me
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me
You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows
Surely goodness and love will follow me -- all the days of my life
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever

[Verse 1]
Niggas in my faction don't like asking questions
Strictly gun-testing, coke-measuring
Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hitting fanny, spending chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets
6 up in your wig-piece, nigga decease
Muah, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
.44 and 54 draw
There's my pilot, steers my Lear; yes, my dear
Shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids, the dog, everybody dying -- no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big Dangerous you're just a Lil Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all -- death
Controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody til somebody kills you

[Hook]
You're nobody til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

[Verse 2]
Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky Tarantino
Ask Nino, he know
Green with envy, the green tempts me
To make the rich the enemy, and take their cheese
Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty
Live happily ever after in laughter
Hah, never seen Cristal pour faster
And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead
3 of mine dead, nothing left to do
But tear they ass to shreds, leave em in bloodshed
Incidents like this I take trips
Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh)
Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour
Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore
Told me meet em in the future later, they'll take me shopping
Buy me lavender and fuschia Gators
Introduce me to player haters and heavy weighters
Rich bitch shit, drinking Cristal
Til they piss the shit, uhh
Thorough bitches, adapt to any borough bitches
Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me
Reminisce on dead friends too
You're nobody til somebody kills you

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You can be the shit, flash the fattest 5
Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit
You ain't worth spit, just a memory
Remember he used to push the champagne Range (I remember that)
Silly cat, wore suede in the rain
Swear he put the G in game, had the Gucci frame
Before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane
I can't recall his name, you mean that kid
That nearly lost half his brain over two bricks of cocaine?
Getting his dick sucked by Crackhead Lorraine?"
A fucking shame, dude's the lame, what's his name?
Darkskin Jermaine, see what I mean?
You on point phife? 
1nce again tip 
You on point phife? 
1nce again tip 
You on point phife? 
1nce again tip 
Word 
Watch me bust they shit 
OK

R: 

[Tammy Lucas] 
Ohhhh, you did it to me 1nce again my friend 
I swear you do it to me everytime 
Cause you stay crazy on my mind 
Yo you got it goin on (say word), on and on and on 
On and on and on 

1. Phife Dawg, Q-Tip 

This is the year that I come in and just devestate 
My style is great ask your peoples can I dominate? 
My rhymes are harder than last night's erection 
Don't play me close, I'll have this mic up in your rear section 
My shit is lovely simply meaning that my joint is tight 
Amping up the mic making sure production's tight 
Sometimes I might catch a severe case of writer's block 
But by the end of the day you'll be on my jock 
My name's Malik my hobby's putting MC's to the test 
And if you front I'll put my foot up in your friggin chest 
Freestyle fanatic, and never will it ever stop 
You crew is loose, you might just want to call the cops 

Aiyyo I gotta put some action on paper 
Make sure my verse jump up and spread out like the raper 
The only tip I got for a waiter 
Is watch the doorknob hit me where the dirty dog shoulda bit me 
That was my train of thought, but for so long I fought 
Now I'm at a level supreme to the devil 
So turn up the bass and lay low on the treble 
We be the real MC's and you dead, bring a shovel 
Revitalize, the vital tribe nigga, what? 
The ladies sweat the style like the squirrel sweat the nuts 
You know a fellas good for the moola 
Don't smoke no woolas, read the name call me slick tip the ruler 

R

2.: Q-tip, Phife 

Yo I've been treading on this globe man for twenty-five joints 
Sometimes shaitan got me by the pressure points 
But I can break a fella down like sex 
You eat wheat chex but still light in the ass and can't flex 
If one nigga front i'ma make more pay 
'Cause toniiiiight, we gettin off like O.J. 
And yo I got a dawg that bites, fuck the barking 
Yo I got a crew with the beats and the smarts and 

I fought my shit up on linden in the one-nine-two 
Forever writing never biting ain't shit else to do 
Hoping to battle, but most MC's ain't ready yet 
But if they huddle, and word, then this is good as set 
You have MC's dropping bombs that's incredible 
Some of the brothers, their styles are just despicable 
As for me see I just do how I love to do 
Try to deny me of my props then I'll be seeing you 
Most of you suckers wanna be down for the tag along 
The friggin fame, someone tell em that this shit ain't games 
You gots to do this from your heart meaning your inner soul 
And if it's real only then will you be on a roll 
I try to stay on top my game there ain't no time to lose 
Four albums deep as a quester but still we payin dues 
So hear me out one time, you gots ta be yourself 
'Cuz if you ain't yourself you end up by your friggin self 
I'm coming rugged with the linden boule type of slang 
And yo we'll see who can hang yo 

You on point tip? 
Yo 1nce again Phife 
You on point tip? 
Yo 1nce again Phife 
You on point tip? 
Yo 1nce again Phife 
Aiyyo that kid is hard! 

R
[Verse 1: Phife Dawg]
Went to Carvel to get a milk shake
This honey ripped me off for all my loot cakes
The car oh yeah there's money in my jacket
Somebody broke into my ride and cold macked it
Yo Tip I tell you man the devil's tryin it
But I'm goin to stay strong cause I ain't buyin it
Tonight I'm taking Sherry out, I don't have jack to wear
You know I gots to look dipped in the fresh new gear
Cool I found something so I ironed it
I then got caught up on the phone, oh shit, I'm frying it
Will someone tell me what did I do to deserve this?
I think I'll, pull out my suit for Sunday service
My little brother wants Barney, cool, I'm gettin it
Took him down to Kay-Bee, they ain't sellin it
Here we go with the crying, yo he's throwing fits
My blood pressure's blowing up, I can't take the shit
Finally got what he wanted, now he's good to go
Again the ride was smashed, where's my radio?
One time, the car was in the shop I had to borrow see...
They had no mercy on the car they almost killed me
Where the hell can Nicki be? I'm gonna smack her up
I got the tickets for the Knicks and she cold stood me up
I need to hit a honey off, Jarobi pass the phone
Pulled out my book of hoes, oh yo, Sheila's home
Steady smiling like a mother yo I'm read' to bone
Went down on hon, she's in the red zone
Stressed out more than anyone could ever be
Forever tryin to clear the samples for my new LP
Everybody knows I go to Georgia often
Got on the flight and I ended up in Boston
With all these trials and tribulations, yo, I've been affected
And to top it off, Starks got ejected

[Hook: Phife Dawg]
Problems, problems, problems, woe is me I'm having
Problems, problems, problems..

[Verse 2: Phife Dawg]
Just last week my girl was stressin me
Now her best friend be undressing me
Well I was loving her by the moon ray
Now I'm tricking on her like Kinte' (c'mon)
Bought a bag of izm from the smoke shop
Walking towards the car, here come the damn cops
Now I'm station bound for the Thai sticks
I bought it for my man, I don't believe this shit
Coach sat me down from the ball team
Cause I was breaking niggas on the inseams
Some niggas cross town was trying to stick me
All I had was shorts, a dollar fifty
Picked up this girl in the hooptie
Just because I rhyme she tried to soup me
Pay for this, pay for that, loot for nails and hair
Who the hell you think I am, Mr. Belvedere?
Go and get a bloody job, then can we look cute
Even if you give me boots, you'll never see my loot
She wasn't even all of that just another hooker
So I turned that ass away, quick like Chuckii Booker
Sometimes you got put the hoes in their friggin' place
Just move from in front me with your botty face!

[Hook: Phife Dawg]
Problems, problems, problems, Lord knows I'm havin
Problems, problems, problems, Jesus Christ I'm havin
Problems, problems, problems, pray for me I'm havin
Problems, problems, problems..

Yeah
Yeah..
Just lay down your burdens by the riverside
Hah, and you'll be alright, knowhatI'msayin?
Love and peace from Phife for '93, knahmsayin?
Tribe Called Quest, Shaheed and Tip
This is how we flip

My man Muhammad in the house, huh [come on, come on]
Zulu Nation in the house, huh [come on, come on]
Subroc is in the house, huh [come on, come on]
My man Skeff is in the house, huh [come on, come on]
Jarobi White is in the house, huh [come on, come on]
Bob Power in the house, huh [come on, come on]
My man Eric in the house, huh [come on, come on]
My man Litro in the house, huh [come on, come on]

[Hook: Q-Tip]
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out God, I really need ya
Help me out now, I really need ya
Help me out y'all, help me out now
I'm having problems, help me out now
Really need ya, to help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out God, I really need ya
Havin problems, help me out now..

[Help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me
Help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me.....
.....MUHAMMAD!!]
R:
After Hours it was cool x8

Q-Tip: 

Ten after one I think I'll hop the horse 
Downtown late of three of course 
Just came from fishing couldn't get a catch 
Downtown they'll probably have a batch 
A whitened sandwich and again it stopped 
But with the bail though I had a bout 
So I exchanged it for some apple juice 
I had the blues but I shook them loose 
A jeep is blasting from the urban streets 
Loots of funk over hardcore beats 
The moon dabbles in the morning sky 
As the minutes just creep on by 
I get a thought and hear comes my Tribe 
Ritual shakes and in good vibes 
Like always the Quest begins 
In the mist though but the rhyth's move in 
We find a spot and we sit and chat 
Speaking on the status quo of rap 
A derelick makes a real long speach 
We pay attention to the words he read 
When he was done we rattled on 
There was no lunch because it wasn't dawn 
We pointed things out about this times 
The worlds famons and the crazy crimes 
Inflation of the nation, it bothers me 
I better go gold, to pay the taxes 
Gotta be swift society 
The man whose made is the man who maxes 
The grounds for living are being discussed 
As we go it gets close to dusk 
Gather thoughts and savor breath 
Cause there's only a few hours left 

R: 
After Hours it was cool (x8) 

Q-Tip: 

Me ohh my, hey-hey, hey-hey 
The human hours are here to stay 
This is how it seems(?) my witness 
Bug out all night, ask Phife, he's with this 
Girls be screaming on this conversation 
I have my two cents for a revelation 
And my watch continuously tic-tocs 
Shaheed will bring up the beats that rocks 
I hear the frogs and the smashing of bottles 
A car revs up and I hear it trottle 
It probably moves with the morning wind 
Ohh my God, here's Phife again 
(?) talking about last nights game 
Trying to remember someone's name 
So hear the frogs dancing in the streets 
Once again Ali will bring up the beat 
Like this...

Q-Tip: 

The beat is over and so is the night 
The sun is risen and the shine is bright 
We all say peace and go our separate ways 
Youth is fading as we gain our days 
Expedition for the song is simp' 
The hours creep, excuse me, I mean limp 
As we go you hear a gasp of laugh 
As we start up our rhythmic path 
Like this 

R...
Phife and Tip:

Back at you, 
Right back at you, 

1: Tip and Phife 

Drove around the block, 
Drove a lot, 
Lookin' all around, 
Don't see no cops, 
Whispered in your ear, a ghetto star, 
Sittin' on my lap inside of my car, 
Lookin' at my lips, take a taste, 
Taste yours too, rub your back, 
Run your fingers on the logo of my baseball hat, 
Moonlight dancin' inside of your eyes, 
Close your legs, I start to sigh, 
Now I reach down to unlace my Nikes, 
Kick off your Adidas 'cause that's what you like, 
Chris Tucker joke passed inside of my head, 
Put the thought away think of you instead, 
Hot outside, it's hot in here, 
Roll down the window the breeze in your hair, 
Your earrings shake, you a baby doll, 
You say you want me but did you want them all??, 
Make me feel special, I know that you can, 
Make me feel special like a prominent man, 
Prominent, dominant McCoy and I'm real, 
Another brotha's fan? Forget how he feel

R: [Tip and Phife]

Repeat 4x 

Me and you girl go against the world, 
Against the world?, 

Hell yeah the world 

Yeah the world, 
Yeah the world, 
Yeah the world, 
Whole wide world, 
Yeah the world, 
Yeah the world, 
Yeah the world, 
Whole wide world, 
Yeah the world, 
Yeah the world

2: [Tip and Phife]

Zonin' undress ya???Still hold play??? 
Or can you hold my hand, it's better that way, 
If we was on video I'd press rewind, 
A nigga think about you all the time, 
Pidgeon dropped a note on top my head, 
R&B,pop girl's a thoroughbred, 
Run around the track, let me slow you dowwwwnnnnnn...(Pause) 
Pick you up, 
Raise your cups, 
Let's double up, 
Bomb came known, natural disas, 
Fall in love with me? huh, well that's that ass, 
Wanna get you, inside my world, 
Process, straight, afro or curl, 
Stretch me out, fade me in, 
Forever you in need let me see you grin? 
He bust with you, I'm a tap his chin?? 
Make me feel special, I know that you can, 
Make me feel special like a prominent man, 
Prominent, dominant McCoy and I'm real, 
Another brotha's fan? Forget he feel

R
R: Dove from De La Soul: 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
New York, NJ, N.C., VA 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
Oaktown, L.A., San Fran, St. John 

Q-Tip: 
People give your ears so I be sublime 
It's enjoyable to know you and the concubine 
Niggaz, take off your coats ladies, act liike gems 
Sit down, Indian style, as we recite these hymns 
See, lyrically I'm Mario Andretti on the mo-mo 
Luticrous, we speedy, or infectious with the slow-mo 
Heard me in the eighties, J Beez on the promo 
On my never endin quest to get the paper on the caper 
But now, let me take it to the Queens side 
I'm takin' it to Brooklyn side 
All the residential Questers to invade the way 
Hold up a second son, cuz we almost there 
You can be a black man and lose all your soul 
You can be white and blue but don't crap the roll 
See my shit is universal, if you got knowledge and dolo 
Of delf for self, see there's no one else 
Who can drop it on the angle, acute at that 
So, do that, do that, do do that that that (come on) 
Do that, do that, do do that that that (OK) 
Do that, do that, do do that that that 
I'm buggin out, so let me get back 'cuz I'm wettin' niggaz 
So run and tell the others cuz we are the brothas 
I learned how to build mics in my workshop class 
So give me this award, and let's not make it the last 

R: 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
Chinatown, Spokane, London, Tokyo 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
Houston, Delaware, DC, Dallas 

Phife: 
Back in '89, I simply slid into place 
Buddy, buddy, buddy all up in your face 
A lot of kids was bustin rhymes but they had no taste 
Some said Quest was wack, but now is that the case 
I have a quest to have the mic in my hand 
Without that, it's like Kryptonite and Superman 
So Shaheed come in with the sugar cuts 
Phife Dawg's my name, but on stage, call me Dynomutt 
When was the last time you heard the Phifer sloppy 
Lyrics anonymous, you'll never hear me copy 
Top notch baby, never comin less 
Sky's the limit, you gots to believe up in Quest 
Sit back , relax, get up out the path 
If not that, here's the dancefloor, come move that ass 
Non-believers, you can the steps 
I roll with Shaheed and the brotha Abstract 
Niggaz know the time when the Quest is in the jam 
I never let a statue tell me how nice I am 
Comin with more hits than the Braves and the Yankees 
Livin mad phat like an over sized Bam-bi 
The wackest crews try to dis, it makes me laugh 
When my track record's longer than a DC-20 aircraft 
So, next time that you think you want somethin here 
Make somethin deffer, take that garbage to St. Elsewhere 

R: 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
S.C., Maryland, New Orleans, Motown 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
Chinatown, Spokane, London, Tokyo 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
Houston, Delaware, DC, Dallas 
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man 
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand 
New York, NJ, N.C., VA
Phife: 
The mad man Malik makes MCs run for Milk of Magnesia 
Maybe that'll ease ya 
Master of this microphone mackin, master as in great 
I'll have your brain goin in circles as my style tends to ovulate 
I'm makin moves, never movies, that's why y'all MCs lose me 
Retrace, won't, so your stubborn like groupies 
Kid, you know my flava, tear this whole jam apart 
Fuck around and have your heart, like Jordan had Starks 
While you playin hokey pokey, there's no time to be dokey 
Cuz I come out to play every night like Charles Oakley 
Dissin around with wack rhymin 
You lose your grip from chalk climbin 
Let me take this time to say R.I.P. to Phyllis Hyman 
Who never got the props that she damn well deserved 
But see me, you don't wanna see me, cuz all MCs are gettin served 
The nerve, for you to even step to the Phifer 
I'll bumrush your set and crush your whole cypher 
Reserve, a spot for me in hip hop's hall of fame 
Cuz rappin ain't no game, big up your head and maintain 
Yeah, Queens forever in this piece crushin any beef 
Ain't nuthin sweet, the bakery's across the fuckin street 
Phife Dawg, swingin it back and forth just like Aaliyah 
Makin moves on your heart like that trick Tamia 
No doubt about it, I love hip hop to death 
But yo Tip, bring in the chorus cuz I'm losin my breath 

Consequence: 
A, yo, you know the deal when the diggy Dawg is on the scene 
We got the fiend bumpin straight from the borough Queens 
You know the deal when the diggy Dawg is on the scene 
We got the fiend bumpin straight from the borough Queens 
You know the deal when the diggy Dawg is on the scene 
You know the deal, ha, you know the deal 

Phife: 
Big up pop Duke, that's where I caught my athleticism 
My mama, no doubt, that's where I got my lyricism 
My nana, that's where I got my spiritualism 
As for Tip and Shah, they made me stop from smokin izm 
Now, when I'm with some cheese, I be lettin off gism 
Writin rhymes since Daddy Kane and Biz Mark was on Prism 
I gotta brave heart like the one named Shirley Chisholm 
As for my late twin, boy, I wish I was with him 
Got the Lightro in the back talkin bout (come on, get him) 
And when it comes to rhymes, no doubt, I flip em 
Sucka MC in my path, hey main, I say we ship him 
Money please, your rhymes are wack, say word, this geek is trippin 
Just because my name is Phife, my man, I'm never slippin 
I got the type of flave to have your ass straight bitchin 
For those who act cute, see I got them on mute 
Have you walkin through your projects in your birthday suit 
Cuz your style is off loot, so I played him like a flute 
If youse a sucka MC, then it's you I rebuke 
My style is, everday all day, similar to water 
Crushin MCs as if my name was Sargent Slaughter 
Keep shit hotter...than a sauna 
Or better yet, the hormones on your Christian daughter 
Hey, I tried to warn her 
My sounds the type to kill, like the grill on Lauryn Hill 
So all ya sucka MCs, y'all best go chill 
Bout to go to Union Square so I can see my care bear 
Singin good stuff in my ear, runnin fingers through my hair 
Represent the Zulu Nation with illy rap creations 
Just keep shit hotter than Death Row-Bad Boy confrontations 
Chillin with Fudge Love because he represents the Haitians 
Ya naw'mean
Q-Tip 

Do I love you? 
Do I lust for you? 
Am I a sinner cuz I do the two? 
Could you let me know 
Right now, please 
Bonita Applebum 

R: 

Bonita Applebum, you gotta put me on (4X) 

Q-Tip: 

Hey Bonita, glad to meet ya 
For the kind of stunning newness, I must have foreseen ya 
Hey, being with you is a top priority 
Ain't no need to question the authority 
Chairman of the board, the chief of affections 
You got mine's to swing in your direction 
Hey, you're like a hip hop song, you know? 
Bonita Applebum, you gotta put me on 

R...

38-24-37 (uh, uh, uh!) 
You and me, hun, we're a match made in heaven 
I like to kiss ya where some brothas won't 
I like to tell ya things some brothas don't 
If only you could see through your elaborate eyes 
Only you and me, hun, the love never dies 
Satisfaction, I have the right tactics 
And if you need 'em, I got crazy prophylactics 
So far, I hope you like rap songs 
Bonita Applebum, you gotta put me on 

R...
[Phife Dawg]
Yo, microphone check one two what is this 
The five foot assassin with the ruffneck business 
I float like gravity, never had a cavity 
Got more rhymes than the Winans got family 
No need to sweat Arsenio to gain some type of fame 
No shame in my game cause I'll always be the same 
Styles upon styles upon styles is what I have 
You wanna diss the Phifer but you still don't know the half 
I sport New Balance sneakers to avoid a narrow path 
Messin round with this you catch ?the sizin of em? 
I never half step cause I'm not a half stepper 
Drink a lot of soda so they call me Dr. Pepper 
Refuse to com-pete with BS competition 
Your name ain't Special Ed so won't you Seckle With the Mission 
I never walk the streets, think it's all about me 
Even though deep in my heart, it really could be 
I just try my best to like go all out 
Some might even say yo shorty black you're buggin' out 


[Q-Tip]
Uhhh, uhhh, uhhh, uh! 
Zulu Nation, brothers that's creation 
Minds get flooded, ejaculation 
right on the two inch tape 
The Abstract poet incognito, runsss the cape 
Not the best not the worst and occasionally I curse to get my 
point across, so bust, the floss 
As I go in betweeen, the grit and the dirt 
Listen to the mission listen Miss as I do work, umm 
as I crack the, monotone 
Children of the jazz so, get your own 
Smokin R&B cause they try to do me 
or the best of the pack but they can't do rap 
For it's Abstract, orig-inal 
You can't get your own and that's, pitiful 
I know I'd be the man if I cold yanked the plug 
on R&B, but I can't and that's bugged 

Buggin out, buggin out, buggin out you're buggin out (8X) 

[Phife Dawg] 
Yo when you bug out, you usually have a reason for the action 
Sometimes you don't it's just for mere satisfaction 
People be houndin, always surroundin 
Pulsin, just like a migraine poundin 
You don't really fret, you stay in your sense 
?Comafied? your feeling, of absolute tense 
You soar off to another world, deep in your mind 
But people seem to take that, as being unkind 
"Oh yo he's acting stank," really on a regal? 
A man of the fame not a man of the people 
Believe that if you wanna but I tell you this much 
Riding on the train with no dough, sucks 
Once again a case of your feet in my Nike's 
If a crowd is in my realm I'm saying -- mic please 
Hip-hop is living, can't yank the plug 
if you do the result, will end up kind of bugged 

[Q-Tip] 
Yo, I am not an invalid although I used to smoke the weed out 
Ali Shaheed Muhammad used to say I had to be out 
Schemin on the cookies with the crazy boomin back buns 
Pushin on the real ?hardest? so we can have the big fun 
When I left for Rosie I was Boulevard status 
Battling a MC was when Tip was at his baddest 
It was one MC after one MC 
What the world could they be wanting see from little old me 
Do I have the formula to save the world? 
Or was it just because I used to swipe the women and all the girls 
I'm the type of brother with the crazy extended hand kid 
Dissed by all my brothers I was all up what my man did 
Supposed to be my man but now I wonder cause you're feeble 
I go out with the strongest and I seperate the evils 
it's your brain against my mind, for those about to boot out 
All you nasty critters even though you see I bug out 

Buggin out, buggin out, buggin out you're buggin out (8X)
[Phife Dawg] 
Fuck the car-jacking, Phife Diggy is rapping 
Got dawgs with love and plus dawgs that's packin 
So what's the deal Captain, if it's time for some action 
Watch me roll with hon, try to push her back 
Which one of these niggaz, think they fuckin wit dis? 
Put your money on Queens, yo these cats is pissed 
Meanin hot green and stinky, see shorty there winkin? 
Hit her off so hard, that her eyes start blinkin 
Then massage her down, with the word serene 
It's the Dawg For Pres, new star on the scene 
And I'm here for the battle, right down to the letter 
If it rains today, then it's a double-header 
Range Beemaz and Benz, 1100's and Jettas 
Phife Dawg for whatever, just get it together 

(Just) get it together 
(Just) get it together 
(Just) get it together 

[Q-Tip] 
Just get it together 
No matter the weather, or where you at 
This is how we gon' do it, cause we keep shit fat 
You gotta 

(yo yo) do it (yo, yo yo) do it 
(yo yo) do it (yo, yo) do it 
(yo yo) do it (yo, yo yo) do it 
(yo yo) do it (yo, yo) do it 

* a lot of "yo" from Busta Rhymes * 

[Q-Tip] 
Didn't you read the news, did you heed the alarm 
It was good overall, it said that we was the bomb 
I'ma make the call, and I hope you respond 
We the stars y'all, and everyone beckons far 
You a star and you shining, I'm one and I'm rhyming 
Let's get together, start intertwining 
Yo you coming with me, somewhere where you can't see 
with his bonafide joints, underneath the sea 
Of confusion and glitter, nobody's a quitter 
Try to front and get ripped, from your ear to your shitter 
Gon' put it on harder than anyone did 
It would benefit you to keep a wide open lid 
Makin sho' shot shit, makin sure you shine 
Takin shows for sure, takin hearts in time 
Do it all for the rhyme, and the rhythm and things 
When we do it we bangin, like we inside the bang 
Ain't doubtin nobody, when we inside the jam 
But I'm proud overall, and I know who I am 
As the constellation gets brighter this writer's goin 

(yo yo) do it (yo, yo yo) do it 
(yo yo) do it (yo, yo) do it 
(yo yo) do it (yo, yo yo) do it 
(yo yo) do it (yo, yo) do it 
* continues with variations * 

[Know Naim] 
Aiyyo, yo, this is Bebe LawdLawd 
Bigga BeBeBeBe LawdLawd, from the Know Naim 
Aiyyo we doin this, LP, to the world... 

* a lot of "yo" from Busta Rhymes *
Phife Dawg:

1988 Senior Year, Garvey High 
Where all the guys were corny but the girls were mad fly 
Loungin with the Tipster, Coolin with Sha 
Scopin out the honeys - they know who they are 
I was the b-ball playin fly rhyme sayin 
Fly girl gettin but never was I sweatin 
Cause when it came to honeys I would go on a stroll 
Until I met my match - her name was Flo 
Yeah - I messed around with the one called Flo 
All the troopers round the way used to call her a ho 
But deep down in my heart I knew that Flo was good to go 
Cause I thought it was me - like Bell Biv Devoe 
But little did I know that she was playin' with my mind 
The only thing I learned is, good girls are hard to find 
I feel like Heavy D I need somebody for me 
Not someone who's mind is blank and tryin' to juice me for my bank 
Swingin' with my main man Lucky behind my back 
What type of crap is that - yo, hows about a smack? 
Word life, I can't front - thought I was all that 
But now it seems, I met my match 
Was a stone cold lover, you couldn't tell me jack 
Settlin' down with one girl, wasn't tryin' to hear that 
I had Tonya, Tamika, Sharon, Karen 
Tina, Stacy, Julie, Tracy 
Used ta love 'em, leave 'em, skeeze 'em, tease 'em 
Find 'em, lose 'em - also abuse 'em 
My whole attitude was new day, next hon 
And believe it or not, they all got done 
Well here comes Flo, with the crazy whip appeal 
And I'm all true man, like Alexander O'Neal 
Is this really love, then again, how would I know 
After all this time tryin' to be a superhoe 
She finally played me, but yo, I'd find another 
Cause I got the crazy game and yo, I'm smooth like butter 

R - Q-Tip:

Butter, like butter baby... [2X] 
Not no Parkay, not no margarine, 
Strickly butter baby, strictly butter 

Phife Dawg: 

I remember when, 
Girls were goodie two shoes, but now they turned to freaks 
Allofasudden "We love you Phife" - ease of ho, my name's Malik 
Phife this, Phife that, where you goin', where you at 
These girls don't know me from jack, yet I feel like the Mack 
You didn't want me then, so hon, don't want me now 
Here, Here - take the towel, wipe off your brow 
And take the Ccontact out your eye, you're far from lookin' fly 
You get an E for effort, and T for nice try 
Now tell me what's the reason, for dyin' your hair 
Slum village gold still danglin in your ear 
You barely have a neck but still sportin' a rope 
Four-finger ring just so Phifer can scope 
You looked in the mirror, didn't know what to do 
Yesterday your eyes were brown but today they are blue 
Your whole appearance is a lie and it could never be true 
And if you really loved yourself then you would try and be you 
If your hair and eyes were real, I wouldn't have dissed ya 
But since it was bought, I had to dismiss ya 
If you can't achieve it, then why not try and weave it 
If you can't extend it then you might as well suspend it 
If you can't braid it, best thing to do is fade it 
I asked who did your hair and you tell me "Diane made it" 
If you were you and just you, talk to you, maybe 
But I can't stand, no bionic lady 
Tryin' hard to look fly, but yo, you're lookin' dumber 
If I wanted someone like you I woulda swung with Jamie Summers 
You wanna be treated right, see Father MC 
Or check Ralph Tresvant, for sens-a-tiv-i-ty 
See I am not the one, I got more game than Parker Brothers 
Phife Dog is on the mic and I'm smooth like Butter...
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Well, I'm gone (Go on then!)

Can I kick it? 
To all the people who can Quest like A Tribe does
Before this, did you really know what live was?
Comprehend to the track, for it's why cuz
Gettin measures on the tip of the vibe buzz
Rock and roll to the beat of the funk fuzz
Wipe your feet really good on the rhythm rug
If you feel the urge to freak, do the jitterbug
Come and spread your arms if you really need a hug
Afrocentric living is a big shrug
A life filled with fun that's what I love
A lower plateau is what we're above
If you diss us, we won't even think of
Will Nipper the doggy give a big shove?
This rhythm really fits like a snug glove
Like a box of positives it's a plus, love
As the Tribe flies high like a dove

Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes, you can!)
Well, I'm gone (Go on then!)

Can I kick it? 
To my Tribe that flows in layers
Right now, Phife is a poem sayer
At times, I'm a studio conveyor
Mr. Dinkins, would you please be my mayor?
You'll be doing us a really big favor
Boy this track really has a lot of flavor
When it comes to rhythms, Quest is your savior
Follow us for the funky behavior
Make a note on the rhythm we gave ya
Feel free, drop your pants, check your ha-ir
Do you like the garments that we wear?
I instruct you to be the obeyer
A rhythm recipe that you'll savor
Doesn't matter if you're minor or major
Yes, the Tribe of the game we're the player
As you inhale like a breath of fresh air
Q: Back in the days on the boulevard of Linden, 
we used to kick routines and presence was fittin'. 
It was I the abstract 
P: And me the five footer. 
I kicks the mad style so step off the frankfurter. 
Q: Yo, Phife, you remember that routine 
that we used to make spiffy like mister clean? 
P: Um um, a tidbit, um, a smidgen. 
I don~t get the message so you gots to run the pigeon. 
Q: You on point Phife? 
P: All the time, tip. 
Q: You on point Phife? 
P: All the time, tip. 
Q: You on point Phife? 
P: All the time, tip. 
Q: Well, then grab the microphone and let your words rip. 
P: Now here's a funky introduction of how nice I am. 
Tell your mother, tell your father, send a telegram. 
I'm like an energizer 'cause, you see, I last long. 
My crew is never ever wack because we stand strong. 
Now if you say my style is wack that's where you're dead wrong. 
I slayed that body in El Segundo then push it along. 
You'd be a fool to reply that Phife is not the man 
'cause you know and I know that you know who I am. 
A special shot of peace goes out to all my pals, you see. 
And a middle finger goes for all you punk MC's. 
'Cause I love it when you wack MC's despise me. 
They get vexed, I roll next, can~t none contest me. 
I'm just a fly MC who's five foot three and very brave. 
On job remaining, no I'm chaining cause I misbehave. 
I come correct in full effect have all my hoes in check. 
And before I get the butt the jim must be erect. 
You see, my aura~s positive I don't promote no junk. 
See, I'm far from a bully and I ain't a punk. 
Extremity in rhythm, yeah that's what you heard. 
So just clean out your ears and just check the word. 

Q: Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check it out. 
Check it out. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Play tapes y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check the rhyme y'all. 
Check it out. 
Check it out. 

P: Back in days on the boulevard of Linden, 
we used to kick routines and the presence was fittin' 
It was I the Phifer, 
Q: And me, the abstract. 
The rhymes were so rumpin' that the brothers rode the 'zack. 
P: Yo, tip you recall when we used to rock 
Those fly routines on your cousin~s block. 
Q: Um, let me see, damn I can't remember. 
I receive the message and you will play the sender. 
P: You on point Tip? 
Q: All the time Phife. 
P: You on point Tip? 
Q: Yeah, all the time Phife. 
P: You on point Tip? 
Q: Yo, all the time Phife. 
P: So play the resurrector and give the dead some life. 
Q: Okay, if knowledge is the key then just show me the lock. 
Got the scrawny legs but I move just like Luke Brock, 
With speed. I'm agile plus I'm worth your while. 
One hundred percent intelligent black child. 
My optic presentation sizzles the retina. 
How far must I go to gain respect? Um. 
Well, it's kind of simple, just remain your own 
Or you'll be crazy sad and alone. 
Industry rule number four thousand and eighty, 
record company people are shady. 
So kids watch your back 'cause I think they smoke crack, 
I don't doubt it. Look at how they act. 
Off to better things like a hip-hop forum. 
Pass me the rock and I'll storm with the crew and ... 
Proper. What you say Hammer? Proper. 
Rap is not pop, if you call it that then stop. 

NC, y'all check the rhyme y'all. 
SC, y'all check it out y'all. 
Virginia, check the rhyme y'all. 
Check it out. Out. 
In London, check the rhyme, y'all.
R:
Clap your hands now 

[Phife]
Brothas know the flavs when the Quest gets loose 
Slammin sucka fuckas like the wrestler Zeus 
Crazier than Tupac in that flick called Juice 
Cock is longer than the hat worn by Dr. Seuss 
Love a girl in Daisy Dukes like them kids called Deuce 
Gets paid to sex the hoochie like my main man Luke 
Control the mic like Denzel on the girls 
Wack MCs be on the nuts like Rocket J. Squirrel 
The worst thing in the world is a sucka MC 
Favorite rap group in the world is EPMD 
Can't forget the De La, the two originality 
And if I ever went solo, my favorite MC would be me 
Phife Dawg up in the house, I give a shout out to Snoopy 
Peace to all the Questers, to hell with the groupies 
Like um, Ralph up to Potsie, Brooklyn to Dodger 
Laverne to Shirley, Rerun to Roger 
Ren to the Stimpy, Laurel to Hardy 
Q-Tip and Phifer, they mashed up the party 
Kick the rhymes and more rhymes 
Kick the beats and more beats 
We'll have you scratchin in your head, like trying all techniques 
For those who wanna oppose, just take a stand 
But for now, just shut your shit and clap your hands 

R: 

[Q-Tip]
You just wanna dance man, then clap your hands 
If you venture up the wrong road, then the circumstance... 
Will be crucial, I got hundreds of rhymes that'll suit you 
So listen 
The Abstract intuition is very very worthy 
I can feel ya out from Russia to Jersey 
Can't understand, the underground, it gets deep 
The low, the Nikes, the links, the jeeps 
The women, the lingo and all the other goods 
Peace to the hoods, that keep my shit on play 
Please don't do the mute when you hear me on the juke 
Brothas know my angle, it's the Star-Spangled black banner 
Hook up the beats at the funk manner 
If want a roll, then dough I be rakin 
The scope is on the world, cuz it's mine for the takin 
You know I'm gonna do it 
My shit is rock solid, but it flows like fluid 
Chemists get confused of my ill composition 
This is the third of the new Tribe addition 
MCs be swingin, but alot of them be missin 
So shut your bloodclot and listen 
Cuz I'm bringin you the ill rendition 
I'd like to send this out to the L.E.S. 
Gotta alot of rhythm and style and finesse 
Come here love, hot sex on a plat 
And when your done with that then clap 

R...
Q-Tip: 
Who that at the door? (Yo, Tip, it's her) 
What you doin here, in front of my face? (3X) 
You didn't want my... you didn't want it 
To go somewhere, you all on it 
But if you want to, then you can come here 
Come here, yo 

Q-Tip: 
Have you ever met a woman that just took your breath? 
So deep inside her life, she contemplated death 
Can't help but get attatched to a woman like that (true dat) (4X) 
The contact was quite immediate, I had to attack 
(Because you the man, yo, you know you the man) 
We related and debated over food and tunes 
Started out in September, now we enterin June (say word) (4X) 
Simple night in the crib, no, it just won't do 
(no it just won't do, no it just won't do) 
Because she liable to start shit that's wildin you 
(wildin you, wildin...) 
She wanna push my whip, buy diamond chips 
And take on trips, conversin my flip 
Gotta do her hair, take her out to the fair 
When a jake be there, make sure you don't stare 
At another one comin, don't be startin nuthin 
Be a slave to her, don't be brave to her 
Make sure that she's right, make sure that you're wrong 
When she wants to do it, make sure that it's long 
f anyone wanna make it work it's me (Phife Dawg help me out) (2X) 
But we gotta come through with common ground baby 
Any man, he can claim to be the one for you 
But put it straight to your lover in life runs true 

chorus: 
And if it's me then let's get it going on (4X) 
Get it going on, let's get it going on 
And if it's me then let's get it going on (2X) 

Q-Tip: 
Phife Dawg in the break, is she more than you can take? 

Phife: 
See, I'm not the one to be taken advantage of 
And if you really think about it, I got nuthin but love 
Now if your heart isn't in it, please let me know 
There's no need to waste time, if it's no, then I'll go 

chorus: 
And if it's me then let's get it going on (4X) 
Get it going on, let's get it going on 
And if it's me then let's get it going on (2X) 
Get it going on, let's get it going on
[Verse 1: Phife Dawg]
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Just done mash a show, Dawg is off on sabbatical
Rather watch the Nixon shit than politicians politic
CNN and all this shit, gwaan yo, move with the fuckery
Trump and the SNL hilarity
Troublesome times kid, no times for comedy
Blood clot, you doing, bullshit you spewing
As if this country ain't already ruined
In lieu of these mumbling, fumbling
Swearing they're the greatest
Online they debate us, if we different, then we're haters
We ended our hiatus, the dogs looking for food
The nucleus is here now (ooo)

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Toleration for devastation, got a hunger for sin
Every nation Obama nation, let the coroner in
Crooked faces, red and blue laces for the color of men
Just embrace it and die alone, song of Revelation
Reverends and cattles racing
Devils and demons and Deuteronomy
Fumigate our economy, 'lluminate broken dreams
And manifest all insanity, look around
Sayonara tomorrow, it's just blood on the ground

[Hook: A Tribe Called Quest + Kendrick Lamar]
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Sayonara tomorrow, it's just blood on the ground
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Sayonara tomorrow, it's just blood on the ground
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Sayonara tomorrow, it's just blood on the ground
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Sayonara tomorrow, it's just blood on the ground
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio

[Outro: A Tribe Called Quest]
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio
Conrad Tokyo, Sapporo, pistachio

[Guitar Solo: Jack White]
Intro: Q-Tip 

Just a lil somethin-somethin 
about the cats who be fronting 
You know the Tip, he be huntin 
for all the goodness gracious 
All across the wide spaces 
yo, check it out, bust me down, yo 
Yo... yo... 

Verse One: Q-Tip 

Youse my peoples, why it got to come down to this shit 
Two people thinking as one so now he split 
Remember what I said to you, you bleed, I bleed 
C'mon, you know how we get down, if you're down, you need 
And I'm supplying, the dynamic duo, electricfying 
Everybody had to wet us, cuz no one will forget us 
Son, I testify sure as God was my guide 
Any petty little bullshit you did will slide 
Same on my end, after all, what are we, friends 
If niggaz ran me this, too much grounds we defend 
In the honor or brotherhood cuz it's all good 
Get on some grown man shit and let's knock on wood 
But now seeing you baby in this stall out position 
Wondering who's the dime piece that you're kissing 
You night as well take the jigger and take my life 
Cuz the dime piece you happen to be kissing is my wife 
Shit, I should have know not to let these crab asses 
Get within the circle of my girl and make passes 
Now you disrespected me and everything I stand for 
(But I'm saying though, son) Shhh, say no more 
Allah forgive me, my thoughts is traveling to low desires 
Should I turn the other cheek or react and perspire 
Don't wanna see myself in penitentiary attire 
But I caught him in the act and my emotion is dire
[Q-Tip] 
Question 
What is it that everybody has 
And some pirates and theives try to take 

[R] 
Da Booty (and if you is a crook than you takin' it) 
Da Booty (and if you got money you shakin' it) 
Da Booty (come on everybody that's here, that's word 
to Phife Dawg and my man Shaheed) 

[Q-Tip] 
I give my promise to all y'all to keep my shit hittin' 
Half of y'all claim dog but now a light kitten 
Flippin' on brothers just like Mary Lou Retton 
Get off that ass and see what I'm settin' 
Born with this inside, you just can't get it 
This is the lethal pop and you have no weapon 
Who is the native brother who keep asses steppin' 
make deep impressions and constantly be reppin' 

[Phife] 
When I was young I'd stretch gouch yo 
Now I'm on Letterman, on the couch yo 
the black thing with knives is called the back do' 
can't we be cool instead of being foul though 
Ghetto child dreams of fast cars and fast dollars 
Impressions of live sometimes makes ya holler 
Scream all that devil shit and talk like a scholar 
You dumb as a doorknob, and why do you bother 

[Q-Tip] 
Phife Dawg puttin' the bite back in yours 
Top dog, puttin' it up, flick his balls 
MC from now til I get a frown 
Shake that ass girl because you world renowned 
Wake up, look at the sun, see the sights 
Bull duke, you've got to die for your rights 
MC's, y'all got to work for the mic 
Zombies, do it from dusk to the night 

[R] 

[Q-Tip] 
Rock to the beat, yo it's never the same 
Good girls usually got good game 
Hot cats tearin' that ass out the frills 
Block ass, you had no skills, that's the reals 
Make this money without the friction 
Take this honey, there goes your diction 
Rappers better retreat, fix your joints 
My whole crew got bumps on they points 

[Phife] 
Rumors being spread 'bout me and my click 
We can't rock shows and our rhymes ain't shhh 
Might not've heard it, or maybe you have 
Between me and you, they can kiss my ass 
Used to get angry, used to get quite vexed 
But say what you may, just cash my check 
'Cause all I'm ever guilty of is going on tour 
Doing shows galore, and bringin' it raw 

[R]
Fool - defined in webster's 
open up the book, read it read it 
turn the page, see what it says 
read it to me will you please 

(one who acts dope ??? 
so what does it mean to me?) 
that's you (how's that?) cos of the way you act (huhhh?!?!) 
standin on the corner sellin girbauds (what you talkin bout?) 
scalin your friends and also your foes 
what's the matter wit'cha boy? (ain't nuttin wrong with me, mother...) 
you big galoot (huh?), you nincompoop (what?) 
what's wrong wit you? you can't compute (yes sure i can compute) 
don't fix your lips to tell me you can 
standin on the poley playin pusher man 
what you got to do with yourself? (oh what?) 
can't you be somebody else? (no) 
look at you described to a tee (huh) 
you're a fool of many in society 
i know some more, i shall go on 
and continue in the song, fooled the fool 

"fool" - scratched by ali shaheed 
(man i don't know what you're talkin bout callin me a fool 
i've been out here for twentysome odd years 
doin my thing, i ain't no fool man 
you crazy or something? 
i'm gonna stick this, right up your...) 

[q-tip] 
the girl i talked to she's sort of neurotic (yeah) 
her crazy ex-boyfriend is really psychotic (uh-huh) 
scares the girl by threatenin her life (word) 
says "girl, you're dead if you're not my wife" (oh man) 
beats in her public, beats her in private (yes) 
tried it 'round me, "almost" won't buy it (what you mean?) 
said "forget him, don't you know he's a loser" 
who would love a woman turn around and abuse her (ohh) 
only a fool as described by the tribe 
here's another one who's on the fool vibe (okay) 
gonna make it short, gonna make it quick (why?) 
for this situation makes me sick (ohh) 
see your brother man, with the female (yeah) 
he's crazy ego tryed to show he'll prevail (aha) 
in any situation lady luck's on his side (word) 
emotions run free, nothing he will hide 
why i remember one sunny day (yeah) 
took my cousin to the park so we can play (yeah, park) 
on the way, a couple resembled 
the one i just described, everything assembled 
another young man walked in their direction (yeah) 
bumped him a bit, excused his imperfection (mmm hmm) 
but the man with the lady grabbed the other by the neck (umm hmm) 
demanded an apology and also respect (uh-huh uh-huh) 
the young man aggravated grabbed him back and smacked him 
the girl just laughed and laughed and laughed at him (oh man!) 
he felt ashamed for what he had done 
it looked like a fool to everyone (oh!) 
these are three stories from the naked city (yeah) 
reality, is sometimes a ditty (yeah uh huh) 
like grodzilla from the twilight zone 
earth to your brain - is anyone home? (what you talkin bout?) 
i see ya there, tryin to make amends 
try to make some friends, but now my story ends (oh man!) 
on the note, that i just wrote 
stay afloat on the reality boat (oh) 
slow down and think and take it cool 
and try to avoid the description of a...
[Hook]
Relax yourself girl, please set-tle down

[Verse 1: Q-Tip, Phife Dawg]
Honey, check it out, you got me mesmerized
With your black hair and your fat-ass thighs
Street poetry is my everyday
But yo, I gotta stop when you trot my way
If I was working at the club you would not pay
Aiyyo, my man Phife Diggy, he got something to say
I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Haitian
Name is Phife Dawg from the Zulu Nation
Told you in the jam that we can get down
Now let's knock the boots like the group H-Town
You got BBD all on your bedroom wall
But I'm above the rim and this is how I ball
A pretty little something on the New York street
This is how I represent over this here beat
Talking 'bout you
Yo, I took you out
But sex was on my mind for the whole damn route
My mind was in a frenzy and a horny state
But I couldn't drop dimes cause you couldn't relate

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Q-Tip, Phife Dawg]

[Q-Tip]
Stretch out your legs, let me make you bawl
Drive you insane, drive you up the wall
Staring at your dome-piece, very strong
Stronger than pride, stronger than Teflon
Take you on the ave and you buy me links
Now I wanna pound the poontang until it stinks
You can be my mama and I'll be your boy

[Phife]
Original rude boy, never am I coy
You can be a shorty in my ill convoy
Not to come across as a thug or a hood
But hon, you got the goods, like Madelyne Woods
By the way, my name's Malik
The Five-Foot Freak
Let's say we get together by the end of the week
She simply said, "No", labelled me a ho
I said, "How you figure?" "My friends told me so"
I hate when silly groupies wanna run they yap
Word to God, hon, I don't get down like that

[Q-Tip]
I'll have you weak in the knees that you could hardly speak
Or we could do like Uncle L and swing an ep in my jeep
Keep it on the down, yo, we keep it discrete
See, I'm not the type of kid to have my biz in the streets

[Phife]
If my mom don't approve, then I'll just elope
Let me sink the little man from inside the boat
Let me hit it from the back, girl I won't catch a hernia
Bust off on your couch, now you got Seaman's Furniture

[Q-Tip]
Shaheed, Phife and the Extra P
Stacy Beadle, PJ and my man L.G
They know the Abstract is really soul on ice
The character is of men, never ever of mice
Shorty let me tell you about my only vice
It has to do with lots of loving and it ain't nothing nice
chorus (George Clinton from Funkadelic's "Let's Take It to the People"): 
"Everthing is fair when you're livin in the city"(8X) 

Q-Tip: 
Lookin at Miss Lane, it was the fast lane 
Barely knows her name, struck by fame 
She just got a Benz, she rides with her friends 
Gotta keep her beeper in her purse to make ends 
Rollin down the block, checkin out the spots 
She winks at the cops, always give her props 
She knows she's the woman, can't nobody touch her 
Hangs out for the loot, makes her papes from the gutter 
Tried to make my moves on Miss Lane, she called me young boy 
Told her not to dis me I just want to be your love toy 
You young boy, my love toy, I doubt that very highly 
Just because you rhyme don't mean I'll let you try me 
Business oriented, egos never dented 
Always sweet scented, if it's business, she meant it 
Distractions never hurt, always did the work 
Always was alert, she never got jerked 
Queen of the feats, thrive to compete 
Love the funky beats while she drive down the street 
She was justified, couldn't get a job 
Had to feed her family, so she had to play, then rob 
Pullin out the ooh wop, listenin to doo-wop 
You don't have to say a word 
(gunshots)That's all ya heard 

chorus(4X) 

She's not a big kahuna, wish I met her sooner 
Instead, I met her later, my love is much greater 
Put me on her roster, to rid her of imposters 
And to sell the buddah for the sexy drug ruler 
Love is my motive, now I'm drug promotive 
Plus I needed duckets to fill up my buckets 
Supplied me with the squeezy to make my life easy 
Now I'm missing action for this fatal attraction 
But don't you let me catch you with your joint up in these bitches 
And don't you even dare to plan a plot upon my riches 
Cuz if you play me out, I think I'll let ya be 
I'll be damned if I let a brotha try to gas me 
I played my cards well, try to live swell 
For the G, I would sell, cuz I was deep in hell 
But then I really wasn't, she had a fly cousin 
Who would give me booty on the side of my cutie 
Elaine, she kinda new, that I would do the do 
But she didn't tear, I did my work with care 
That's all that really mattered, he money never splattered 
As long as she was paid, she was in the shade 
You can't really blame her for holdin on a flamer 
Society taught her, but they didn't tame her 
A ten clip salute, hunny heres a troop 
She will never stop until she reach the top 
Top, top...
[Q-Tip] 
Back in the days when I was a teenager 
Before I had status and before I had a pager 
You could find the Abstract listening to hip hop 
My pops used to say, it reminded him of be-bop 
I said, well daddy don't you know that things go in cycles 
The way that Bobby Brown is just ampin like Michael 
Its all expected, things are for the looking 
If you got the money, Quest is for the booking 
Come on everybody, let's get with the fly modes 
Still got room on the truck, load the back boom 
Listen to the rhymes, to get a mental picture 
Of this black man, black woman venture 
Why do I say that, cuz I gotta speak the truth man 
Doing what we feel for the music is the proof and 
Planted on the ground, the act is so together 
Bonafied strong, you need leverage to sever 
The unit, yes, the unit, yes, the unit called the jazz is 
We deliver it each year on the street for the beat cuz 
You can find it on the rack in your record store(store) 
If you get the record, then your thoughts are adored and appreciated 
Cuz we're ever so glad we made it 
We work hard, so we gotta thank God 
Dishin out the plastic, do the dance till you spastic 
If you dis...it gets drastic 
Listen to the rhymes, cuz its time to make gravy 
If it moves your booty, then shake, shake it baby 
All the way to Africa a.k.a. The Motherland (uh) 
Stick out the left, then I'll ask for the other hand 
That's the right hand, Black Man (man) 
Only if you was noted as my man (man) 
If I get the credit, then I'll think I deserve it 
If you fake moves, don't fix your mouth to word it 
Get in the zone of positivity, not negativity 
Cuz we gotta strive for longevity 
If you botch up, what's in that (ass) (what?) 
A pair of Nikes, size ten-and-a-half (come on, come on) 

R: 

We gotta make moves 
Never, ever, ever could we fake moves (come on, come on) (4X) 

You gotta be a winner all the time 
Can't fall prey to a hip hop crime 
With the dope raps and dope tracks for you for blocks 
From the fly girlies to the hardest of the rocks 
Musically the Quest, is on the rise 
We on these Excursions so you must realize 
Hip hop continually, about the Zulu 
If you don't like it, get off the Zulu tip 
So what could you do in the times which exist 
You can't fake moves on your brother or your sis 
But if your sis is a (bitch), brother is a jerk 
Leave 'em both alone and continue with your work 
Whatever it may be into this society 
Everything is fair, at least that how it seems to me 
You must be honest and true to the next 
Don't be phony and expect one not to flex 
Especially if you rhyme, you have to live by the pen 
Your man is your man, then treat him like your friend 
All it is, is the code of the streets 
So listen to the knowledge being dropped over beats 
Beats that are hard, beats that are funky 
It could get you hooked like a crackhead junkie 
What you gotta do to is know that the Tribe's in this sphere 
The Abstract Poet, prominent like Shakespeare 

R...

Edgar Allan Poe, it don't stop (uh!)
R: 
Now you caught me heart for the evening 
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things 
Should I just sit out or come harder? 
Help me find my way 

[Q-Tip]
Messing me up, my whole head 
Teasing me, just like Tisha, did Martin 
Now look at what you're starting 
Schoolboy's crush and it ain't on the hush 
The whole world sees it but you can't (uh) 
My peoples they complain, sit and rave and rant (come on) 
Your name is out my mouth like an ancient chant (say what?) 
Got me like a dog as I pause and pant... 

[Phife]
Speaking of which, got a leash and I wish just to rock you miss (come on) 
Make a militant move, peep my strategy (what?) 
End of the day you're not mad at me (uh) 
Not dealing with nobody, now that's what you told me (what?) 
I said: "hey yo, it's cool, we can just be friendly" (come on) 
'Cause yo, picture me messing it up 
Her mind not corrupt with the ill C-Cups 
Shit, I'm on my J.O. (come on) 
Bullshitting, hoping that the day goes slow (what?) 
Got me like a friend, what confuses me though 
Is kisses when we greet, tell me what's the deal yo? (deal yo, yo, yo...) 
R (2x) 

[Q-Tip]
Now why you wanna go and do that, love, huh? 
Making things for me towards you harder 
Killing me, just when I think we're there 
You got the whole vibe and the flows in the air 
Telling me 'bout next man 
But next man ain't the nigga with the plan 
Who got your heart in mind? It's about time that you just unwind (come on) 
Phife: 
And let it just happen, make it front-free (uh) 
Just sweat me like Money penny (uh) 
Digging you, getting inside of your stee (what?) 
It's the Quest that keeping you company 
Forever, or however you want it 

[Q-Tip]
Word word, now wait a minute now before you jet it to the curb (yeah, yeah) 
Start to make affections, which is good not the hurt 
But it, it aint me, and I, I ain't blurred (uh) 
I'ma still just chill with you 
Maybe things could change if you change your view (come on) 
If not then I guess it is cool (yeah) 
just, to keep to yourself and abide by the rules, right 
check it out now... 
check it out now... 
like that now... 
check it out now... 
wha wha now... 
check it out now... 
yeah yeah now... 
check it out now... 
check it out now... 
it's like that now... 
check it out now... 
yeah yeah now... 
check it out now... 
what you say, what? what? 
Chorus till fade out
As we start trudgin' 
Me and my brothas we be lookin' and be buggin' 
Vehicles of life they be rollin' and be mergin' 
Searchin' for the virgins of life 
They'll be shovin' out the door of that's crack 
The valley's of time, are always on my feet 
As least the beat will combine 
The calluses and corns with the funky bassline 
You don't need underdog for a nickel shoeshine or the shoes that's phat 
Well can I get a level on the bass and on the treble 
Footin' up and down like a UNLV Rebel 
The answer be amoungst us, well we rarely dig acoustics 
Can't be too much flackin', not too much packin' 
You must contain in that at least to dip your hip in rap 
Your feet will be infectious so at least realise the fact 
The rhythms are insertive and the nurse can be converted 
This ain't rock 'n' roll cos the rap is in control 
If your a megastar would you buy you a car? 
I'd rather go barefootin', for prints I will be puttin' 
All over the earth if we can get there first 
Now that we are in it, Footprints will be imprinted 
So if you recognise em', you can try to size em' 
They'll probably be the one's with the size now flyin' 
All over the field, you won't have to yield 
If you want protection you can hide behind the shield 

[Q-TIP] 
You can gain on the gallons if you really need to rock 
Look we walk while we talk as we stompin' through the block 
Hand in hand cross the land as Muhammad cross the fade 
It's a Tribe who meanders, precious like a jade 
It's a art, Theo arch rhymes the ground their placed upon 
The mind will unwind, it will soft to beyond 
Catch the track, track by track, get a map to track a trail 
You will find yourself behind for a map does not prevail 
See the levels peakin' as the rhythms keep a screechin' 
A Quest, oh yes a Quest, inside the jam I will keep preachin' 
The point, oh yes the point, because it's close but yet so far 
The loudiness is ringin' as we scoot across the star 
We are bulgin' I'm indulgin' in a rat-a-tat-tat 
Explanation for the liners that the rhythm is phat 
Keep it wild, wide and deep, you can dig it in a jeep 
But dig it in the ground because your foot print now 

[Q-TIP] 
If there's a storm that's brewin', it won't keep us from doin' 
our thing as we start swingin', travellin' is bringin' 
joy inside the domes as we hit the road to roam 
A chair is not a chair, a house is not a home 
Because my skin is brown, yo' I'm gonna' do the town 
Rub it in the face and rub my feet all through the place 
When you get your finger on the music it'll linga' 
Sing a song o' sixpence, sing it like a singa' 
A Nubian, a Nubian, a proud one at that 
Remember me the brotha' who said "Black is Black" 
You can come while we quest, I don't play, I don't just 
Get emotions off your chest, we are black, we the best 
Makin' moves, makin' motions, flowin' like an ocean 
The walkin' will continue, we know that we will bring you 
The times that you have waited, long anticipated 
Be gone but not for long because the feet will stay strong
Drifting, drifting, drifting, drifting, drifting, 
drifting, drifting, drifting, drifting by, totally. Drifting 
by (just) totally. Drifting by (just) totally 

[Q-Tip]
The deadly venom, let me start from the beginning 
We always hittin, so yo, there'll be no extra innings 
As I send the mic out the park like Reggie Jackson 
You be the minor leaguer who sees no action 
The coming attraction (what!) 
The main feature 
And I'ma greet ya, like a rhymin ass creature 
Lurking all up in the dark, unknown parts 
The brotha well prepared is the brotha who will start 
And that's me Akki, as long as the ladies move they bodies 
We'll have a four-on-two stand 
'Cuz that happens to be the nature of man 
Sexuality, it is the format baby 
Ain't no ifs, no buts, no ands, or maybes 
But I praise Lord in the worlds that's unseen 
Respect me for that and let me do my thing (just) 
I said, respect me for that and let me do my thing 

R: 
(Drifting by) You know we gotta get a hold 
(totally) Over the illest drum rolls 
(totally drifting by just...) 

Yo, how you doin? Let me give you an intro 
My name's the Abstract, now let me give you some info 
Got the diamond in the back, and the sunroof shit 
That makes the hardcore MCs resort to being bitch 
And I don't give a shit about being wild rich 
Just make me comfortable and I'll deal with it 
Your lust for the riches make a nigga feel sick 
Down to his zealots, upchuck and then spit 
Denouncin my beliefs, well then your wig get split 
Lay your ego on the ground so that you'll benefit 
You can take these words and relay it to your click 
Take some time for your mind and get off them head trips 
The Tribe is the crew that makes your mics get lit 
Like the Fourth of July on some firework shit 
My record company be on some true jerk shit 
But that's i-ight. Now, I'm on some true work shit 
And I'ma make it happen for my whole outfit 

R: 
(Drifting by) You know we got to get control 
(totally)Over the illest drum rolls 
(totally drifting by just...) Third verse 

A-yo, we just gettin started 
Got to redirect this vision 
Got the beauty of a flower 
Plus dimensions like a prism 
Your minds are locked down like prison 
Y'all really need to go lay down 
'Cuz positivity has risen 
We hittin 
Yo bust how we too strong to be broken 
Occasional malfunction pressure time 
We ain't jokin 
For security we on this run like Logan 
Kamaal's doin the hustle 
And you backstage voguin 
We all got flaws 
Don't ever try to think that you perfect 
We all are human beings 
There's bullshit at the surface 
Sometimes, I mean we rhyme 
Damn, we ain't prophets 
And if you think so, you need to stop it 
So jump back inside your shell 
Let your million dollar thoughts propel 
But next man don't get jel 
Playa hate that all carries weight 
That we don't need 
We slim with disabilities and 
Thick with possibilities 
'Cuz then you can't move with fertility 
Navigatin with good visibility 
We put these tunes out in record shop facilities 
Let's strive to get this constant money activity 
We try to stay on the scene like Fidel 
So if you get enraged with these names it still rebels 
There ain't no plan B's 
Yo watch, we movin through with plan A 
Money market doin things the right way 

R: 
(Totally) You know we got to get control 
(Drifting by, just) Over the illest drum roll 
(Totally drifting by just... - x3) 
(Totally just - x2), Drifting by (x2) in background) 
Yo bust it out section, section. 
Section Linden Boulevard 
Section on Merrick 
Section the whole Jamaica 
Section on Flushing 
Section in Bed-Stiduy
[R] 
Doin' our thing in Queens 
We had dreams about bein' emcees 
And there was no concern about so and so 
And these record companies 
But now we all are grown 
And the spots is gettin' blown 
Boyz II Men, ABC, BBD 
Nah, we ain't none of them, B 
Give me 
So give me 
Nore, Phife Dawg and Abstract 
Give me 
To everyone in the world 
Nore, Phife Dawg and Abstract 

[Noreaga] 
Yo when I rap, all my niggas love Abstract 
Yo, from Far Rock to Flushing, concussion 
Every time a nigga rhyme it's like we get our bus' on 
I used to ride a dollar van and really get my bus on 
Yo, from South Don to El Segundo 
All my niggas gettin' high yo, and still livin' on the run though 
Get alot a dough so now we have a lot of fun though 
Q-U, two E's, N-S 
All we really care about is money, cheba and sex 
what what what 

[Q-Tip] 
niggas get faded, never outdated 
Give it to the world, 'cause for long they waited 
Shorties online to cop the new CD 
So hip-hop'll bust nut in graffiti 
We could two-piece it or we could just seize it 
Shorty, you're my shit, 'cause my style wild decent 
What's it gonna be, the party or the precent? 
Queens cats rock, keep it rugged and recent 
my nigga Nore thug it out (thug it out, no doubt) 
Phife Dawg buggin' out (buggin' out, no doubt) 
The Love Movement no doubt (Love Movement, no doubt) 
Ali Shaheed get a shout (shout it out, no doubt) 

[Noreaga] 
Yo better things, hold on, take a time out 
Huddle up, yo, Queens niggas won't fuck it up 
Keep my southside niggas just palyin' the cut 
While my Queensbridge people stay roughin' you up 
East Elmhurst, Carona, Iatola 
Keep the caller ID on the Motorola 
Gotta keep the po-po on the payola 
Queens niggas shut it down, now it's all over 

[Phife] 
One nine two, the Bully fram Lou 
Merrick Van Wig holler Shaft got brew 
Head up Jamacia Ave, cop a tape by DJ Clue 
Move to the acre, sippin' on a guinney booze 
Scoopin' ladies up in babies makes my day complete 
Freestylin' over beats for my peoples in the street 
This is a place where stars are born 
Linden to Lawton, we keep it hot like porn 

[R]
1: Q-Tip 

Yup yup yup 
To the North to the South to the East to the West 
I don't discriminate boy I bring it to your chest 
If you oppose, then your soul will decompose 
Strive to get money and I'm not no hoe 
Fresher than the air that you're breathing through your nose 
Fuller than the kicks that you're puttin on your toes 
You can ask Bo but yo that nigga don't know 
About the dominant factor the accurate rapper 
Here's the next chapter, page ninety-five 
Niggaz so hard it's a wonder they alive 
But yo we still survive through the danger that lurks 
My eyes remain wide while you ask like Urk 
and yo my Family Matters, so all you mad hatters 
Put your thinking caps on and motherfuckin brainstorm 
Cause I got the plan that wins and can't lose 
Your man knows who's nice say Tip he'll say "True" 
A lot of these jokers out here is blase 
I'll be rockin mikes until a horse says hey 
Some are preoccupied with glamour and glitz 
Actin all boogee and making big movies 
But I'll be in the cut call me Incognito 
Busy makin joints that will bump for my people 
You're listening to a man who was something for nothing 
Stay in me forever head, never be frontin 

R: 2X 

Once in a while we have fun in the mix [never ever] 
In to good living, but some be into glitz [true dat] 
Everybody knew, all the fellas and the chicks [trigga E] 
Gotta wear a shoe that fits 
...to all my peoples 

2: 

C'mon word, check it out now [you out there?] 
Uh, uh, check it out now [you out there?] 
What? Uh, check it out now [louder! louder!] 
[louder! louder!] Uh, check it out, yo 

Peace to the girl named Hurricane G 
Peace to my girl named Dawn Paris 
Peace to the Organzied Kon-fus-ion 
Peace to all my shorties that be dying too young 
Peace to both coasts and the land in between 
Peace to your man if you're doing your thing 
Peace to my peoples who was incarcerated 
Asalaam alaikum means peace, don't debate it 
Devouring, and towering over fools 
Your mic is broke and my shit's cool 
The black man with the understandin of 
The three wise men and the theories of Zen 
Yo I get inside the crevice like a dentist 
Disrupt, the block, like Dennis, the Menace 
Shaheed is on the needle, the shit it won't weeble 
or wobble, your rhymes is mixed up like Boggle 
Bingo! That was the damn dog's name 
But yo I know another one with much more fame 
The Phife Dawg, and that's my word to the cipher 
About to bring it to your chest and cause strife check it out 
You're doubling back, to your rhyming pad 
What I represent is MC's gone mad 
In a perfect world there's imperfect acts 
We've come like a God to redirect alla that 
So people with a gift can just flaunt and get money 
So much, we in the bank that the shit ain't funny 
Money is invested in real estate and stocks 
But not inside the glamour cuz all of that stops 

Consequence 

Yo dis the Cons to the Quence 
up in ya like a stiff one, knowhatImean? 
It's nine-five, you got to live it or rip it 
So if you step on the streets keep it movin, knowhatImean? 

R
Jimi Hendrix: Rain all day (2X) 
Q-Tip: Don't you worry

Q-Tip: 
All I wanna do is get down y'all 
Have a ball y'all and freak freak y'all 
Lifeless ventures ain't new boo 
So don't boo hoo, yeah, you too 
Gotta get a grip like culture 
Swoop down, swoop down like a vulture 
The rhythms will lurk into people 
All funk ain't created equal 
Lookin for the beat to rupture 
Like the rapture, gotta capture 
Don't let the storm of life scare ya 
Get funky, let me prepare ya 
For the days of grimness and oppression 
A yo bro, here's your lesson 
Even though the rain starts pourin 
Start reachin, start soarin 
Don't stop, if you do, you're stallin 
Rhythm savior, hear ya callin 
Instrumental to be freaky 
Go ahead in the rain and you'll see 

Q-Tip: 
Can't we make you see 
I mean, the fact that is the key, I mean 
Devoted to the art of movin butts, so get on up and... 
Think about what's yours 
I mean your culture and your laws 
I mean, I label you a sucka 
If you're dumber, just stay dumber, but... 
Stay in line and keep groovin 
If it's movin, if it's soothin 
Don't let a little thing like rain keep you unda 
Or the fun-da, look at wonda 
Stomp til your soul is lifted 
Get with it, rhythm's with it 
Get inside the groove and get nasty 
Funky nasty, crazy classy 
Money is a first on the list here 
It's the good time, it's the good cheer 
If you got the ride then ride it 
Don't hide it, provide it 
Drop, drop, drop down the pants, shake your fanny 
'Cuz it's handy, not an Annie 
Rock to the roll with the hair down 
Get the lowdown, rhythm showdown 
The simple explanation is nada 
Make it hotter, thanks, de nada 
If you wanna hear what I'm sayin 
Clean your ears and just come on and groove
"Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes (16X) 

[Phife Dawg] 
There's a million MC's that claim they want some 
But see, I create sounds that make your ears go numb 
Peace to Sayers Ave., yeah you know how we go 
My best friend Steven at the Home Depot 
Lowerton is in the house, I can't forget Southside 
Walk past MC's like that girl did the Pharcyde 
I'm labeled as the cat's meow, the MC with the know-how 
Act like you know, not now, but right now 
Beast of the East, on MC's I have a feast 
I'd eat that ass like quiche, crack a smile like Shanice 
Straight out Jamaica scene, Jamaica, Queens 
But you could find me out in Georgia, or anywhere in between 
Now if my partners don't look good, Malik won't look good 
If Malik don't look good, the Quest won't look good 
If the Quest don't look good, then Queens won't look good 
But since the sounds are universal, New York won't look good 
Picture Phife losin a battle, come on, get off it 
Put down the microphone son, surrender forfeit 
Did I hear somethin bout a crew? What they wanna do? 
You better call Mr. Babyface, so he can bring out _The Cool in You_ 
or it'll be a sad love song being sung by Toni Braxton 
And I'll dissect you like a fraction 
Oh, you wannabe top cat MC's, I'll pop you like a zit 
You wanna be the champ, you more like Chief Some-shit 
Big up myself everytime when it comes to this 
MC's be runnin scared as if they're watchin the Exorcist 
I kick more game than a crackhead from Hempstead 
My styles are milk, man, you'd think that I was breast fed 
You know the steelo when the diggy Dawg is on the scene 
I dedicate this to all the MC's outta Queens 
that goes for Onyx, LL, Run-D.M.C. 
Akinyele, Nasty Nas and the Extra P 
You need a chart, straight up and down man, there ain't no other 
Nuff respect to all my peeps that made the album cover 
Yo, Tip don't worry Dunn you know I get the party jumpin 
Get on the mic and break em off a lil lil sumthin 
Yo, Tip don't worry Dunn you know I get the party jumpin 
Get on the mic and break em off a lil lil sumthin (Ooohh...) 

"Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes (16X) 

[Q-Tip] (over Busta Rhymes) 
La, la, la, la.. 
Doop, doo, do, do.. 
La, la, la, la.. 
Shooby-doop, do, do.. 
La, la, la, la.. 
Shooby-doo, do, do.. 
You know I'm on the other, for the top 40 
Haha, you gotta do it like this.. 

We got the funk doody don shit, clearly it's the bomb shit 
So recognize me, kids memorize me 
Everyday, I be scroungin, really, I be loungin 
I play the down low, very very incognito 
Aries is my sign, I know that I can rhyme 
Sometimes I rhyme in riddles, plus I make the hunnies wiggle 
Intellect is the major, some heads like to wager 
The skills on the hill, overlookin dollar bills 
Man, ya crazy, thinkin you can phase me 
The Ab doesn't study near nonsense money 
Life seems to meet me, MC's seem too cheesy 
With they doody ass renditions of defeatin competition 
I rock to the roll man, yes, I'm a soul man 
Bet'cha bottom dolla, Vinia will make ya holla 
As ya stand at attention, did I forget to mention 
MC's will give me twenty, if I sense that they act funny 
Lyrics are abundant, right there, I sound redundant 
Just mentionin the fact, that the area is fat 
I dwell in the unda, so hunny, it's no wonder 
That I get plenty of tail, well I even get white 
I'ma bet hittin head crack, there money, take that 
Breakin niggaz off, cut their bank, then I'm off 
While my Nik'es match my lil hat, beat joint is mad fat 
Got the cutter of the box if a kid thinks he's ox 
For tier means creator, the poetry relator 
It's hemp, like Betsy Ross, let me tell you who's the boss 

La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) 
La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) 
La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) smooth it y'all 
La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) 
La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) 
La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) 
La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) 
La, la, la.. ("Oh my God!" -> Busta Rhymes) 

Queens got a Zoo 
Brooklyn got a Zoo 
Bronx got a Zoo 
Long Island got a Zoo 
Long Island.. got the zone 
Jersey got a Zoo 
Philly got a Zoo 
Milwaukee got a Zoo 
L.A. got a Zoo 
Oaktown got the zone 

La, la, la... (4X) 
See, I like to get down Jack
R: 
I don't eat no ham n' eggs, cuz they're high in cholesterol 
A yo, Phife do you eat em? No, Tip do you eat em? 
Uh huh, not at all(again) 
I don't eat no ham n' eggs, cuz they're high in cholesterol 
Jarobi, do you eat em? Nope, Shah, do you eat em? (Nope) 
Not at all 

Q-Tip and Phife(trading lines): 
A tisket, a tasket, what's in mama's basket? 
Some veggie links and some fish that stinks 
Why, just the other day, I went to Grandma's house 
Smelled like she conjured up a mouse 
Eggs was fryin, ham was smellin 
In ten minutes, she started yellin (come and get it) 
And the gettin's were good 
I said, I shouldn't eat, she said, I think you should 
But I can't, I'm plagued by vegetarians 
No cats and dogs, I'm not a veterinarian 
Strictly collard greens and a occasional steak 
Goes on my plate 
Asparagus tips look yummy, yummy, yummy 
Candied yams inside my tummy 
A collage of good eats, some snacks or nice treats 
Apple sauce and some nice red beets 
This is what we snack on when we're Questin' 
(both: No second guessin) 

R: 
(Q-Tip:) 

Phife: 
Now drop the beat, so I can talk about my favorite tastings 
The food that is the everlasting, see I'm not fasting 
I'm gobbling, like a dog on turkey 
Beef jerky, slim jims, I eat sometimes 
I like lemons and limes 
And if not that, take it the road see and the salad sopped 
Sit back, relax, listen to some hip hop 

Q-Tip: 
Gum drops and gummy bears tease my eyes 
A sight for sore ones and some bore pies 
And other goodies that are filled with goop 
With fried apple roots 
Delectable delights, control my appetites 
Mine is for me, right, but I know what I like 
Chicken for lunch, chicken for my dinner 
Chicken, chicken, chicken, I'm a finger lickin winner 
When breakfast time comes, I don't recognize 
Pig in the pan or a pair of bogey chides 
Mixed with stewed tomatoes, home fried potatoes 
Or anything with flair, cook it, I'm in there 
Pay attention to the Tribe as we impose 
This is how it goes 

I don't eat no ham n' eggs, cuz they're high in cholesterol 
A yo, Phife do you eat em? Nah, Tip do you eat em? 
Uh huh, not at all(come again, y'all) 
I don't eat no ham n' eggs, cuz they're high in cholesterol 
Jarobi, do you eat em? Nope, Shah, do you eat em? 
Nope, not at all 
I don't eat no ham n' eggs, cuz they're high in cholesterol 
Afrika do you eat em? No, Pos, do you eat em? 
Hell yeah, all the time 
I don't eat no ham n' eggs, cuz they're high in cholesterol 
Phife, do you eat em? Nah, Tip, do you eat em? 
Uh huh, not at all 
Jarobi, do you eat em? Nope, Shah, do you eat em? 
Nope, not at all 
I don't eat no ham n' eggs, cuz they're high in cholesterol 
Afrika, do you eat em? No, Gary, do you eat em? 
Yeah, all the time (laughing)
The name is Q-Tip, enterin through the middle 
from the left, dead all the jokes and the riddles 
Comin from the maximum gain, the octane 
that's on the radio it made me feel so low 
It seems we gotta, brighten, the damp prison 
I'm Nintendo 64 and you Mattel Intellivision 
Bustin from no mo' trey-eights, now papi weight 
This joint is like a Ruger, watch it roar like a cougar 
And we gotta, move on the dancefloor 
and work it out all night that's what you came here for 
Just chem', I fills it to the rim, your shine is lookin dim 
Daddy shine the light on him, ahem it's me 
Leader of the Starfleet Force 
Guaranteed to knock your joint off course, we took the loss? 
Damn right, sure as Tina made Ike 
We gonna put it in your noggin all night, and all day 
The Trilateral Commision we dissin 
Tellin citizens be straight, but like snakes they hissin 
I'll be damned if I let his song fall to the side 
Goin piggybackin shit, let's ride, c'mon 

I put it down, now what you gonna do (8X) 
Hey, now, what you gonna do, with yourself, hah? (4X) 

When you hear this, recognize you hear love 
MC nigga illin over b-boy dubs 
Riding through the shit like Tron 
Doesn't matter if you onboard, do you wanna get on? 
Cause if you do, watch all the moves that we make 
Gotta do the things right, ain't no time for mistake 
It's the hip-hop cat that can't, fuck with Jake 
Just because he wear a badge doesn't, mean he straight so 
what you wanna swallow it down or let's take it 
Disregard those who fake it, yo it doesn't matter 
about the realm, hip-hop is to the helm 
It's divine to hit the mind like slippery elms 
So put it down man, put it on down 
Put it down man, put it on down 
Put it down woman, put it on down 
Put it down man, put it on down 
Put it down man, whatchu gonna do 
Put it down woman, whatchu gonna do 
A-put it down man, whatchu gonna do 
Put it down woman, whatchu gonna do 

('Hey' repeats in background for a bit)
[Phife Dawg] 
Live and direct, live and direct! 
You know what live and direct mean? 
Live and direct, come!!! 

Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, how you be, how you be? 
From New York to A-T-Aliens, youknowhatI'msayin? 
Word up, do it like this 
Word up word up, do it like that 
And you don't stop, and you don't quit 
Unless you're in the studio doin wack shit 
Yo check it 

Boom batta, watch your teeth shatter 
All that shit you pop in your jams, it won't matter 
Bust your whole grill, now watch that joint shatter 
I'm the Captain of the ship, FUCK a William Shatner 
Emcees be poppin shit when they squeezin they cake batter 
Claimin they style be fat, but guess whose style is fatter? 
The ill beat jacker, emcee attacker 
Fuckin with the Diggy it don't, get no blacker 
Malik is Zach Taylor, ey the stress reliever 
Brown eyed shorty, chocolate like Godiva 
Fuck what you heard I'll make YOU a believer 
Me gettin burnt, that's like a white girl named Shareema 
You never see her, cause she's the black like Sarafina 
Set shit off like Monifah, nickel like Khadija 
So girls with fat asses and tits, nice to meet ya 
Do five plus five equals ten? Ask your teacher 
For God so loved the world he said Phife, ask your preacher 
Love to toot my own Horne, similar to Lena 
Before I take stage, I take sips of Aquefina 
Fucked Judy Jetson now they call me Jet Screamer 
Love my coffee dark so you can keep your dairy creamer 
Tribe fallin off well youse a got damn dreamer 

Hah, yaknahmean? 
A word up a word up a word up a word up yo 
Have you heard the one make the crowd rock? 
Tribe Called Quest we haffa do it non-stop 
Listen to the radio we're never goin pop cause 
ya nah ready for dis yet, bwoy! 
Say ya nah ready, say ya nah ready 
Say ya nah ready for dis yet, bwoy! 
Say ya nah ready, say ya nah ready 
Say ya nah ready for dis yet, bwoy! 
And we out like that, fuck that
[Q-Tip] 

Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo 
Knew a girl named Shelley 
Six-pack belly 
When we made love she made it shake like jelly 
Put her own video star on my tele 
Lived in the Bronx on the block named Fortelly 
Had to be jetty cause this sucker hold netty 
Kept blowing me up, her jonesing was steady 
Told my man Louie that I really wasn?t ready 
Louie when we did it, man, we both got sweaty 

[Phife] 

This girl from my past 
Had ridiculous ass 
She attended UMASS and she passed every class 
Walked down the hall with her stuffed up sass 
Told the basketball players, she liked how they pass 
But when I use to hit it 
The ball cat, she quit it 
She wouldn?t ad-mit it 
But shorty was addicted 
(Say Word) Word, Nigga you heard 
Like a fiend with a queen when he catches the bird 

[Q-Tip] 

Knowing how we living I'ma talk about Mayo 
?Sagartery and mommy? Her love was a KO 
We was on the under, had to stay on the lay low 
Use to go so deep, she had to say Aiyyo 
Rock with her friend, but her friend drove both way 
Asked her about it and she used to say No way 
Just let it go yo, I used to say OK 
Just another day but fight anyway 

R: 
[Q-Tip]
I put it down man, whatcha gonna do 
[Phife]
Well hell, I put it down son, whatcha gonna do 

[Q-Tip, Phife]
We put it down for the area crew 
All the shortys that smoking y?all whoo 
Looking good it you sipping on your brew 
Come here ma, we make it hot for you 
Come here ma, we make it hot for you 
Come here ma, we make it hot for you 

[Phife] 

Met a shorty named Kenny 
From East Saint Louie 
Body good and plenty 
The finest in Missouri 
If you had no money, you better hit the highway 
Even in her own right, she had to do it her way 

[Q-Tip]

It was an ill situation when I met Dantanya 
Worked in Saint Louis, in her mother?s hair parlor 
Use to hit her man for cake to come see me 
Her and her man from home, they sold heemey 
We had it hemmed, locked, sold and shit 
When I thugged it yo, she said I was the ultimate 
Broke her up kid, driving the drill like Truck Turner 
All of things they did not concern her 
People that we love yo, we love for a passion 
I?ma type of cat that brings forth the action 
You feeling me yo? 
I hope you hearing me yo 
One more thing before you start cheering me yo 

R: 
[Q-Tip]
I put it down Phife, what we gonna do 
[Phife]
Well hell, I put it down son, whatcha gonna do 

[Q-Tip, Phife]
We put it down for the area crew 
All the shortys that smoking all whoo 
Looking good it you sipping on your brew 
Come here ma, we make it hot for you
R

[Phife]

Ayo who wanna pull on Phifer long time no hear from 
Suckers walkin' around talking about they could get some 
But that pop is non cypher, no can do 
And if you think I'm a dope, then ask the other crew 
And I proceed to let you know, exactly how to flow 
I'm not Lawn Doctor so just step off with the hoe 
Oops my mistake I didn't know you went with her 
Should I run down the line of the all the kids that done hit her 
Don't be bitter, I hear that honey resembles a critter 
I heard she likes to do one-one my man John Ritter 
But back to the subject you can't catch wreck 
You must get respect, to earn respect 
Suckers think they could herb me 'cuz know I where specks 
You're full of jokes, but you your name ain't flex 
I got the riches, the bitches, I'm large like a Huxtable 
You think you're all that but you're girl's quite doable 
Yeah, I'm tellin' you G, to back up off me 
I'm not a mad cohort, but I'm not Mr. Softee 
Rappin' is an art, coming straight from the heart 
So forget the chart because the action can start 

R

[Q-Tip]

Where ya at? To all my peoples with the funk 
I'm the undercover brother dump your hoe in the trunk 
Save all the sad songs and the tearjerkers 
Niggaz step up it's the lyrical worker 
The poems that I create ain't in paper back books 
The poems that I create are for hookers and the crooks 
My mental is excelling 'cuz I dabble in the books 
I'm not the one to front on, so suboops-suboops 
Yo I gets the pickens, I'm such a damn Dickens 
If you step to this then the plot just thickens 
I'll run you around the track like a bunny and a dog 
To me, your just another MC on the log 
A link on the chain, fluid on the brain 
I boast of hype lyrics, and yours are mardane 
See I can't maintain, especially if you come back 
I'm the lyrical master blaster, yeah I can do that 
I can also do your girl, so leave the hoe at home 
'Cuz when I get done, I'll have her strung on bones 
It's the no-joke pressure, that elevates my mind 
Makes me pick up and go when it's time to drop a rhyme 
My title is locked, the Abstract poetic 
I'm in the idle mode but my energy's kinetic 
So smooth and debonair, especially for the ear 
Gotta keep my thing in gear 'cuz it's evident and clear 
That I will rock, rock, rock

R
My mother went away for a month-long trip 
Her and some friends on an ocean-liner ship 
She made a big mistake by leaving me home 
I had to roam so then picked up the phone 
Dialed Ali up to see what was going down 
Told him I pick him up, so we could drive around 
Took the Dodge Dart, a `74 
My mother left a yard but I needed one more 
Shaheed had me covered with a hundred green backs 
So we left Brooklyn and we made big tracks 
Drove down the Belt, got on the Conduit 
Came to a toll, we paid and went through it 
Had no destination, we was on a quest 
Ali laid in the back so he could get rest 
Drove down the road for two-days-and-a-half 
The sun had just risen on a dusty path 
Just then a figure had caught my eye 
A man with a sombrero who was four feet high 
I pulled over to ask where we was at 
His index finger he tipped up his hat 
"El Segundo," he said, "my name is Pedro. 
If you need directions, I tell you pronto" 
Needed no civilization, some sort of reservation 
He said a mile south, there´s a fast food station 
Thanks, senor, as I started the motor 
Ali said, "Damn, Tip, why you drive so far for?" 
When he said "why?" I said we gotta go 
'Cause I left my wallet in El Segundo 

I left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
I gotta get it I got got to get it 
I left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Come on, let´s go 

Anyway, a gas station we passed, we got gas 
And went on to get grub, there was a nice little pub 
In the middle of nowhere, anywhere would have been better 
I ordered Enchladas and I ate `em 
Ali had the fruit punch 
When we finished we thought for ways toget back 
I had a hunch 
Ali said, " Pay for lunch", so I did it 
Pulled out the wallet and I saw this wicked beautiful Lady 
She was a waitress there 
Put the wallet down and stared and stared 
To put me back into reality, here´s Shaheed: 
"Yo,Tip, man, got what you need?" 
I checked for keys and started to step 
What do you know, my wallet I forget. 

I left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
I gotta get it, I got got to get it 
I left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Come on, let´s go 

Lord, have mercy, the heat got hotter 
Ali starts to curse me 
I feel bad but he makes me feel badder 
Chit-chit-chatter, car starts to scatter 
Breaking on out, we was Northeast bound 
Jettin´ on down at the speed of sound 
Three days coming, three more going 
We get back and there was no slack 
490 Madison, we`re here, Sha 
He said,"All right, Tip, see you tomorrow" 
Thinking about the past week, the last week 
Hands go in my pocket, I can´t speak 
Hopped in the car and torpe`ed to the shack 
Of Shaheed, "We gotta go back!" 
When he said,"why?", I said we gotta go 
'Cause I left my wallet in El Segundo 

I left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
I gotta get it, I got got to get it 
I left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Left my wallet in El Segundo 
Come on, let´s go !
Uhhhhhhhh... 
The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away 
but not Hip-Hop yo, hahah 
And let it be known.. that we are on some umm.. 
ehh ahh, uhh, a-chicka-uhh 
ehh ahh, uhh, a-chicka-uhh 
And this ain't on the pop tip yo! 
Are y'all kids tucked in? (Yeah!) 
Here we go...

People in the audience, they cry out "hoe" 
People with a gun, yo they'll cry out "bo!" 
I don't like a cop, I don't sell a rock 
but still the kanga's clock me, after a show 
Standin on the stage and we're pourin with sweat 
To people in the crowd I give what they get 
Papers make paid, babies make laid 
I don't really worry, nor do I fret 
Waitin for the gimme and boy I got some 
Sweat like a peach and tart like a plum 
I thought what I think, I rock a bead-link 
Legally I'll sip when I turn, twenty-one 
A letter to the homeboy that freaked the head dome 
The R man wants me to drop my microphone 
Gotta be brief; no orders from a chief 
Hot butter on what, say what, the popcorn 
On the tour bus we hit the truck stop 
A dollar for some chips, a quarter for some pop 
We laugh and giggle some, Phife kiss the honeybuns 
Ali Shaheed Muhammad keeps talkin that shop 
The brothers cruise on as we Quest, for the check 
Callin up Famous to see, if it's there yet 
Not a bourgeoise, hate the seminar 
Ignorant flip, hey Miss you must jet 
Flex for the funkiest but start to bounce 
Measure Hip-Hop for weight, by the ounce 
Bush on the tush, you're pullin while I push 
Play me for the punk then puss, feel the pounce 

It's like that y'all... (keep onnnnnnn) 
Freak freak y'all... (keep, onnnnnnnn) 
It's like that y'all... (keep onnnnnnn) 
Freak freak y'all... (keep, onnnnnnnn) 
It's like that y'all.. (keep onnnnnnn) 
Freak freak y'all... (keep, onnnnnnnn) 
It's like that y'all... (keep onnnnnnn) 
Freak freak y'all... (keep, onnnnnnnn) 

If the papes come yo yo I won't riff 
I just sit down and get, me a spliff 
With mines I was born, a child of the corn 
Molecules of the land they uplift 
Levels is straight, in fact they're rectified 
Adrenaline now is crazy multiplied 
Four and four is eight, the fraction makes the plate 
I make sure the Tribe is innnnnnnn.. 
With the quickness you bare the witness 
Flexin and pumpin with the fitness 
Movin it - UHH, doin it - UHH 
Those who oppose must hit the [?] s-list [?]
Doin it and doin it with the whole frame 
Look what's in the mind and not, in the brain 
On this you can quote, we on a diffy note 
Quest for the future, 'stead of the fame 
One ninety-one brothers grabbin they thingies 
Forgot the name; oh, equivalent to Jimmy 
Slip a little bit, you think I have to quit 
Ali Shaheed Muhammad, with the singy-singy 
Slammin with a slammy you front, on the case 
Right or left nut Ali, plays the ace 
Do what you do, flam for a crew 
Bonita Applebum blows smoke in Sha's face 
Slang for the [?] I must, if ya have 
Dribble hops out giggle yo proper term is laugh 
Brothers who are snakes, I label them as fakes 
Instincts to Travel up the hood path, c'mon 

It's like that y'all... (keep onnnnnnn) 
Freak freak y'all... (keep, onnnnnnnn) 
It's like that y'all... (keep onnnnnnn) 
It's like that y'all... (keep onnnnnnn) 
It's like that y'all.. (keep onnnnnnn) 
Freak freak y'all... (keep, onnnnnnnn) 
It's like that y'all... (keep onnnnnnn) 
Freak freak y'all... (keep, onnnnnnnn) 

{Thank you.. .
as you all know, you just can't believe 
everything you see and hear, can you? 
Now if you will excuse me 
I must be on my way...}
[Girls talking on phone]

Q-Tip: 
It was Friday afternoon in the middle of June 
Heineken bottle caps and the aroma of boom 
Around the time everybody had just got home from class 
Shootin dice, talkin shit, hopin the cash would last 
Yo, this was around the time when I didn't know no better 
Juney moved around in a tinted out Jetta 

Phife: 
Then he introduced me to that hydro smoke 
Then I took one toke, yo, I almost choked 
See I never smoked before and my nerves got shot 
Then he told me about the party at the spot jam rock 
It was guaranteed on but I said "son, chill" 
There's a joint around the way that's supposed to be real 
Word 

Q-Tip: 
He said we got no Js, so we gonna do it right 
Hit your man's joint first, then jam rock at one night 
Then I said "aight", then I jumped inside the jetty 
Let me take a shower, I'm sweaty, and then I'll be ready 
Tonight is the night I get my groove on steady 
And get my drink on with that Ford named Betty 
I went upstairs to get fly, broke my tie 
On some liquor, to meet my high quicker 
Now, I'm tight, them know, the party is the M.O. 
Me and my crew, we get it started like a demo 
Eleven in the evenin, I'm feelin like a heathen 
This thing is goin down and I highly doubt I'm leavin 
Booty cheeks start to motion and the kids is drinkin potion 
Word is bond, that Black Moon joint got me open 
(Don't front) 

Consequence: 
A yo, the DJ put this short groove on 
The good shit that makes a kid lose his drink 
Blendin Risin to the Top and got these shorties hoppin 
Nuthin but coppin, ain't no stoppin me now 
Yo, I'm bound to win until that thing kicked in 
The Alazay had me drunk, I don't know where to begin(echoed) 

Phife: 
Not I'm feelin kinda jaded, wildly coherent 
Me and the fellas acted very irreverent 
Butt grabbin, mad laughin and assin 

Consequence: 
When that chick caught up, the shorty lookin fed up 
They say you drug one with this one, gibbin with that one 

Q-Tip: 
A yo, I'm just doin my thing, yo I'm just havin fun 
You don't see me in here wylin pullin out no gun 
Yo, I see some of that thing girl and I want some 
So let's step inside this corner so that we can rap on 
Over this bumpin ass song and some Dom Perignon 

Phife:
I hit ya with the good lovin plus fillet mignon 
(Yeah, yeah scrammy scrams, yo, that's that same old song) 
(A yo, tell me why the hell your breath smells so strong) 

Consequence; 
Yo, put some brakes on your yappin or you won't live long 
(Please nigga, push on) 
Alright scrams, see you later (scrams) 
Can't mess with these street sharks or these alligators 

Phife: 
I can't take it no more, yo it's damn near four 
I've been partyin and drinkin since I came out my door 

Q-Tip (Consequence) 
Look at these kids about to mix it, damn, where's the exit? 
(Son, jetted to the ride and got the burner out the Lexus) 
Yo, he cocked his joint back like he's about to let him have it 
(Kid, I kept it movin like the Energizer rabbit) 
A yo yo, it's time to skate, ain't no time to contemplate 

(Whoops, looka there, there's Jake)
R:

We got the jazz [X4] 

[Q-Tip]

Stern firm and young with a laid-back tongue 
The aim is to succeed and achieve at 21 
Just like Ringling Brothers, I'll daze and astound 
Captivate the mass, cause the prose is profound 

Do it for the strong, we do it for the meek 
Boom it in your boom it in your boom it in your Jeep 
Or your Honda or your Beemer or your Legend or your Benz 
The rave of the town to your foes and your friends 

So push it, along, trails, we blaze 
Don't deserve the gong, don't deserve the praise 
The tranquility will make ya unball your fist 
For we put hip-hop on a brand new twist 

A brand new twist with the homie-alistic 
So low-key that ya probably missed it 
And yet it's so loud that it stands in the crowd 
When the guy takes the beat, they bowed 

So raise up squire, address your attire 
We have no time to wallow in the mire 
If you're on a foreign path, then let me do the lead 
Join in the essence of the cool-out breed 

Then cool out to the music cuz it makes ya feel serene 
Like the birds and the bees and all those groovy things 
Like getting stomach aches when ya gotta go to work 
Or staring into space when you're feeling berserk 

I don't really mind if it's over your head 
Cuz the job of resurrectors is to wake up the dead 
So pay attention, it's not hard to decipher 
And after the horns, you can check out the Phifer 

R


[Phife Dawg]

Competition, dem Phifer come sideway 
But competition, dey mus' me come straightway 
Competition, dem Phifer come sideway 
But competition, dey mus' come straightway 

Hows about that, it seems like it's my turn again 
All through the years my mike has been my best friend 
I know some brothers wonder, can Phifer really kick it? 
Some even wanna dis me, but why sweat it? 

I'm all into my music cuz it's how I make papes 
Tryin' to make hits, like Kid Capri makes tapes 
Me sweat another? I do my own thing 
Strictly hardcore tracks, not a new jack swing 

I grew up as a Christian so to Jah I give thanks 
Collect my banks, listen to Shabba Ranks 
I sing, and chat, I do all of that 
It's 1991 and I refuse to come wack 

I take off my hat to other crews that intend to rock 
But the Low End Theory's here, it's time to wreck shop 
I got Tip and Shah, so whom shall I fear 
Stop look and listen, but please don't stare 

So jet to the store, and buy the LP 
On Jive/RCA, cassettes and CD's 
Produced and arranged by the four-man crew 
And oh shit, Skiff Anselm, he gets props too 

Make sure you have a system with some phat house speakers 
So the new shit can rock, from Mars to Massapequa 
Cuz where I come from quality is job one 
And everybody up on Linden know we get the job done 

So peace to that crew, and peace to this crew 
Bring on the tour, we'll see you at a theatre nearest you 


Verse Three: Q-Tip 

Hey yo but wait, back it up, hup, easy back it up 
Please let the Abstract embellish on the cut 

Back and forth just like a Cameo song 
If you dig this joint then please come dance along 
To the music cuz it's done just for the rhyme 
Now I gotta scat and get mine, underline 

The jazz, the what? The jazz can move that ass 
Cuz the Tribe originates that feelin' of pizzazz 
It's the universal sound, best to brothers underground 
In the one-six below, ya didn't have to go 

Some say that I'm a sinner cuz I once had an orgy 
And sometimes for breakfast I eat grits and porgies 
If this is a stinker, then call me a stink, I ask 
"What? What? What?" - now check it out 

All my peoples in Queens ya don't stop 
Now all my peoples in Brooklyn ya don't stop 
And all my peoples uptown ya don't stop 
That includes the Bronx a' Harlem ya don't stop 

Now to that girl Ramelle ya don't stop 
I say because Ladies First ya don't stop 
And to the JB's, ya don't stop 
And De La Soul, ya don't stop 

To my Brand Nubians ya don't stop 
And to my Leaders of the New ya don't stop 
To my man Large Professor ya don't stop 
Pete Rock for the beat ya don't stop 

Everybody in the place ya don't stop 
Ya keep it on, to the rhythm, ya don't stop 
And last but not least on the sure shot 
It's the Zulu nation
Q-Tip: 
Somethin for your earhole, so you can clean them shits out 
It seems that some don't understand what I'm talkin about 
How you get West coast nigga, from West coast hater? 
I could never dis a whole coast, my time is too greater (true) 
Yeah, we from the East, the land of originators 
You also from the West, the land of innovators 
The only difference of the two is the style of the rap 
Plus the musical track, this beef shit is so wack 
Let me let y'all brothas know I ain't no West coast disser 
Another thing I'm not is a damn ass kisser 
So listen to my words as I set things straight 
I ain't got no beef, so don't come in my face 

Keep it movin, yeah to the K.I.M. 
Keep it movin, yeah yeah to the K.I.M. 
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin 
Keep it movin, keep it movin, yeah yeah to the K.I.M. 
Keep it movin, yeah yeah to the K.I.M. 
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin 

Q-Tip: 
Hip hop can never be a way of life 
It doesn't tell you how to raise a child or treat a wife 
I verbalize over...rhyme friendly 
That puts a listener in a frenzy, so pop me in your Benzi 
You dig it? Get wit it or get your melon splitted 
If you ever try to combat, Sir Walter moves the king 
We got the illy team that doesn't even sweat the gleam 
Or glamour, we'll figure 4 your ass like Greg the Hammer 
Man, we rockin joints like The Who or Santana 
Keep jams packed and hotter than Havana 
Positivity is the key in the lock 
Put your hand on it, turn it to the right, ak 
We doin daredevil dandies on these mics 
Peace out to the whole Hiero who's puffin on the hydro 
Yeah dun, we movin how we like 
Since the days of rockin hi-los, we keepin things on pyro, fire 
As we move with zeal and desire 
Now, the hip hop plan, hope you complier 
Son, we havin tunnel vision but my sight is real real broad 
Cuz I can't afford to miss that call 
Makin moves, not movies, as get on the ball 
And we keepin things covered like a female shawl 
When I watch hockey, yo, I just look for the brawl 
Quest, Quest and you know we signin out y'all 

Keep it movin, yeah yeah, to the K.I.M. 
Keep it movin, yeah yeah, to the K.I.M. 
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin 
Keep it movin, yeah yeah 
Keep it movin, yeah yeah, to the K.I.M. 
Keep it movin, true dat, to the K.I.M. 
I ain't got no time for schuckin and jivin 

The Pharcyde, you know we do it up, uh, you know we do it up, uh 
The Hiero, you know we do it up, yeah yeah, you know we do it up 
Yeah, to the Mobb Deep, The Infamous, we do it up, yeah yeah 
You know we do it up 
To my peoples Know Naim, yeah, you know we do it up, uh uh 
You know we do it up 
To my man DJ Quik, uh, you know we do it up, uh uh, a do, a do it up 
To my man Biz Mark, yeah yeah, you know we do it up, uh uh 
You know we do it up 
To my man Ike Love love, you know we do it up, yeah yeah 
You know we do it up 
And my man Extra P, P, you know we do it up, uh uh uh-uh, uh, uh up 
I can't forget Dr. Dre, uh, you know we do it up 
MC Eiht, uh, you know we do it up 
Shelly Mae, uh, you know we do it up 
Muhammad, uh, you know we do it up
OOOOOOOHHHHH Ya...
Say What? 
We was in the back of the joint cooling out 
And I saw this girl 
Asked her if she like it like that 
Nod her head yes, therefore I didn?t stress 
Let my beat keep knocking cause we rock it like that 
Bust your ass slow, as if you didn?t know 
Put my mic inside your brain zone, dis home dis 
It?s the rhyme, it?s the beat that vibe all together 
That makes the competitors sound like this 
Really do I care yo, I let down my hair 
When the music?s up loud man, I jums real that 
Lyrical valow, in club, in the go 
In jeep in America,Tribe go mad 
Females ride when my niggas just ride 
With the songs we creating and musically relating 
Sex niggas talk, my body?s in chart 
Meanwhile they boot shaking 
On some funk shit faking 
Wait, I can?t front, stick men 
Here?s a few who really come to do 
What they say gonna do 
Back at the ranch 
There?s no car branch 
Everybody gonna move when we say move 

Do you like it? 
Say yeah if you like it like that 
YEAH!!!!! 
Do you like it? 
Hell yeah if you like it like that 
HELL YEAH!!!!! 
Do you like it? 
Tell me if you like it like that 
YEAH!!!!! 
Do you like it? 
Verse two if you like it like that 
COME ON!!!!! 

(Q-Tip) 

Who could be the one 
Rhyming ill, having fun 
Blowing up, making musical memories and things 
Elevate your thoughts on the vibe that we brought 
While we climbing we shine like a super bowl ring 
You could do it too 
I mean hot like we do 
It?s a lot like we do and make your own mark 
It?s deeper than the song 
Hope you live your life long 
When you win, how you start, kid you gotta have heart 
Niggas in my shit, move 
Give a nigga room 
Back it up, it?s a grown man making on time 
Plus you damn similar to Newport?s 
Smoking ain?t a new sport 
Smoke you sister in vendible 
Gotta spread love, no matter where you are 
Where you at, where you went 
Cause nobody want beef 
Fountain is good, just flows like a river 
Just go with a nigga, kid my stay ain?t brief 
Put your heart in the day, in the night, family Enemies but yo I 
really don?t wet that 
We was in the back of the joint cooling out 
And saw this girl 
Asked if her if she like it like that, yo 
You like it that
1: Q-Tip 

Brother, brother, brother, Lucien, you're like no other. 
Listen very close 'cause I don't like to boast. 
Instead, I'll tell the tale of a French who prevailed 
Through the Mr. Crazy Rabbits who were always on his tail. 
[?] on sale, your rumour starts to wail. 
Get caught with stolen goods and you will go to jail. 
If you go to jail, then who will pay the bail? 
They'll put you back to France on a ship with a sail. 
Escargot, Lucien, you eat snails. 
(Hey yo Tip, what's wrong with snails?) 
From the Zulu nation, from a town called Paris, 
Came to America to find liberty. 
Instead of finding pleasure, all you found was misery, 
But listen, Lucien, you have a friend in me. 
Oh, luck luck will drive you butt baddy. 
Next time you get some wheels, make it a Caddy. 
In terms of doing good, I know you wish you really could, 
But listen, brother man, I really think you can. 
Succeed with the breed of the brothers on your back. 
It's the creme de la creme, and you can bounce with that. 
It'll take a minute, ?rice?, so take my advice. 
Trust in us, and thus you trust in your life. 
Lucine, Lucien, Lucien, Lucien. 
You should know! 

2: Q-Tip 

Are you ready, Lu? 
This one is for you, 
Comin' from a true-blue, fits like a shoe. 
? or "Commenet-allez-vous"? 
Lucien, I'll leave it up to you. 
Voulez vous (vous). 
Endez vous (vous). 
Coo-coo (coo). 
Les poo-poo (poo) 
Watch that lass, gonna backlash fast. 
Can you get a grip on the crackhead dip? 
Sold you a paper bag, guess he saw you comin', 
VCR from a neck-bone bummin', 
$10 brother, he was hummin' and strummin', 
Only had 20, he was livin' like ya slummin', 
Gave him the money, well, I thought that was somethin', 
Lookin' like a kid who was lost in crumbin'. 
Don't worry about a thing, I won't get specific. 
This is a song that is long and prolific. 
Think of the stuff that I said if you can. 
Figure it out, compute, understnad. 
No problemo, I'll help you with your demo 
If you go to the store for me. 
Lucien, I'm just kiddin'. 
You should know! 

3: Q-Tip 

You gotta get a grip on the missions you'll be takin', 
Not so much the mission, but you got crazy ignition. 
Sure, the sugar-babies wanna give you a chance 
With the French "savoir faire" and the sexy dance, 
But is she really fly, or is she a guy? 
I won't ask why, 'cause I know that you try. 
You try too hard, is that the answer to the riddle? 
Instead of doin' so much, why don't you do just a little? 
Boy, what a cad, I guess we shouldn't treat him bad. 
In fact, it would be nice if we understood him like 
A case of positionin' the feet in the shoes, 
Sympathetic reason in the case of the blues. 
Lucien is blue, even though he's really brown. 
I had to make the sound, his life is too profound. 
On the up-and-up, he's somethin' like a little pup, 
Young and naive, it's hard to believe. 
As long as you're strong, you can quest with the questers, 
Jolly like a jumping bean or a jester. 
Lucien, Lucien, Lucien, Lucien. 
You should know!
[Q-Tip] 
Lyrics to go (lyrics to go) uhh 
Lyrics to go (lyrics to go) ahh yeah, c'mon 
Lyrics to go (lyrics to go) 
Lyrics to go (lyrics to go) yeah yeah 
Lyrics to go (lyrics to go) 

Goin on and on to the rhythmic variation 
Wakin in the morning I still represent the nation 
When I speak of nation please don't make the deviation 
Rebels of the party who create the jump sensation 
Mind is a pit of different information 
Microphone is on so of course communication 
Bogle at the party then you got the bogle-ation 
Decaptatin foes yo as if my name was Jason (c'mon) 
Makin all the fellas at the party lose composure 
Hook up the beat with the mic and it's over (original, uh!) 
A Tribe Called Quest we on the run for whatever 
Trials and tribulations that we have to endeavor 
Brothers know my steelo it's a letter to the better 
If you see a shorty that you like, then you sweat her 
Silly with the microphone, in other words I'm loco 
Six foot zero with my height, complexion cocoa 
Representin on the mic it seems to be my daily 
I can do a split and turn around like Alvin Ailey 
But when it comes to days like this I got lyrics to go 

(I got lyrics to go) It's like that y'all, c'mon y'all 
Lyrics to go It's like that y'all, c'mon y'all 
(Lyrics to go) It's like that 

[Phife Dawg] 
I know it's been two years but see the Tribe was never fallin 
Would have tried for singin but that stuff was not my callin 
The mic is in effect so you know I'm never stallin 
Walkin through the door and all them suckers started haulin 
Talk a lot of trash but no one can seem to beat it 
Pull out your microphone and watch the Phifer make you eat it 
The MC's they get jealy when the girly's on my belly 
Kick a slow dance like my brother R. Kelly (bust a rhyme) 
Today's a hip-hop draft will I be top-seeded? (uhh) 
Worked too frickin hard while all the rest were gettin weeded 
Steady kickin styles so I can reach that other level (uh) 
Don't worry about gettin gassed I push the pedal to the metal 
Always wanted this cause it surely beats a scramble (right) 
I'm Jordan with the mic, huh, wanna gamble? (mmm) 
This I dedicate to all the honiest that be bogle-in 
Cause at the end of the night y'know Malik will have his Trojans 
But when it comes to nights like this I got lyrics to go 

Check it out y'all 
(Lyrics to go) It's like that y'all 
Lyrics to go Check it out y'all 
(Lyrics to go) It's like that y'all 
Lyrics to go Check it out y'all 
(Lyrics to go) It's like that y'all 
Lyrics to go Check it out y'all 
(Lyrics to go) It's like that y'all 
It's like that y'all 
Check it out y'all 
It's like that y'all 
Check it out y'all 
It's like that y'all 
Check it out here we go! 

[Q-Tip] 
Please proceed with caution cause the lyricist is fatal 
I can kick your little monkey ass like Kato (yes dread, uhh) 
Formulate your rhymes like a child forms Play-Doh (right) 
Calm and serene like the study was tayo 
Poetry machine with correct mechanisms 
Immune to disease I defeat organisms 
that are waitin in my path, I overstep the critters 
Give your ass the willies and your moms'll get the jitters (uh) 
Winners turn to losers, losers are forgotten 
Tangle in my fore with, hopes that I stop rockin 
Never will that happen only if it is permitted (uhh) 
Wait... I think somebody shitted (c'mon) 
I guess that will be me cause I'm the only one MCin 
I go for what I know doin a show for human beings 
Always try to lead yo never will I follow 
Blowin up the spot like Fred did to Rollo 
And when it comes to days like this, I got lyrics to go 

Check it out y'all 
(Lyrics to go) It's like that y'all 
I got lyrics to go Everybody 
(I got lyrics to go) Ah c'mon now 
I got lyrics to go Ah check it out y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) It's like that now 
I got lyrics to go Everybody 
(I got lyrics to go) Ah c'mon now 
I got lyrics to go Check it out y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) It's like that now 
I got lyrics to go C'mon y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) Everybody 
I got lyrics to go It's like that y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) Check it out now 
I got lyrics to go Ah c'mon y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) Everybody 
I got lyrics to go It's like that y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) Check it out now 
I got lyrics to go It's like that y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) Every-bo-ty 
I got lyrics to go It's like that y'all 
(I got lyrics to go) Ah check it out now 
It's like that y'all 
Check it now 
It's like that y'all 
Check it now 
It goes... uhh
I said I really dream in color, but (they don't know)
And every brother ain't a brother, but (they don't know)
Pop melatonin like they Swedish Fish (they don't know)
To give her everything's my dying wish (they don't know)
Roleplay, she plays the mannequin (they don't know)
Raising my hand, teacher says "Not again" (they don't know)
The sun is up, but I feel down again (they don't know)
On just one hand, I can count all my friends (they don't know)

The understudy for the star, the show must go on
I'm a beast on a leash, I'm towed from the lawn
Another notch in my belt, the food's getting scarce
Another notch in my belt, she shakes up the stairs
Drink liquid confidence to kill the czar defense
Get rid of this tense, it makes life make sense
'Cause I come off the fence and break through defense
Anxiety is on the ropes and it's gettin' intense

Population gettin' tired now (they don't know)
Everybody wants to spire now (they don't know)
Racist emails fire out (they don't know)
We did it in the dark, it's coming out (they don't know)
The world is crazy and I cannot sleep, but (they don't know)
The melatonin good enough to eat, but (they don't know)
I read the papers so that I can see what (they don't know)
I rather stay indoors and make a beat, but (they don't know)

My mother said a lotta lives were shooting
Her Bible was like her toolie
PZ-headed and unruly, I made her think she got to me
Follow in the trail of reefer and niggas talking through speakers
Fattest laces through my sneakers, and rap is for ghetto preachers
Thought I had it so I tried it, for so long I would just hide it
Then I made the crowds say "Oh," smoking more, get excited
I was hooked, I couldn't shake it, the more I got, I would take it
Couldn't sleep, couldn't eat, but this life, I would not forsake it

I said I really dream in color, now (they don't know)
And every brother ain't a brother, now (they don't know)
Pop melatonin like they Swedish Fish (they don't know)
To give her everything's my dying wish (they don't know)

So many thoughts in my mind making it very hard to unwind
Guess I should take one, just one
So many thoughts in my mind making it very hard to unwind
Guess I should take one, just one
So many thoughts in my mind making it very hard to unwind
Guess I should take one, just one
So many thoughts in my mind making it very hard to unwind
Guess I should take one, just one

This one for good girls that all gone bad (just one)
This one, I'll take it when I feel sad (just one, yeah)
This one, I'll take it to make me strong (just one)
This one, I'll take it so that I'll live long (just one, yeah)
This one, I'll take it to make me smile (just one)
This one, I'll take it to make life worthwhile (just one)
This one and that one and those and these (just one)
I just want to sleep, I want to be at ease (just one)
The night is my mind 
The sun'll still shine 
But the night is on my mind 
So parlay while I drop this rhyme 

See, Jake be gettin illy when the sun get dark 
They be comin out the heads, but shit don't let me start 
Their activities are plenty in nighttime (nighttime) 
For the ghetto child, it seems to be the right time 
See, kids be gettin stuck with jewels and fly gimmicks 
Shorty see the action and then start to mimic 
Runnin to the corner, the dice game is blazin 
Lookin at the loot, it seems so amazin 
Puts it short down, to be exact would bound 
He shakes the stones in his hand, then he lets it down (uh!) 
Scam money don't make none 
He threw a trip on the ace, now he's out son 
Hits the local bodega to woof down a hero 
Son is on a 'Midnight Run' like De Niro 
Spots the shorty rock standin on his block 
The thieves be handlin in the pumps,so he asked it it's not 
Conversation that he kicked to the shorty was a sly one 
Increased intensity, his dance sure was a fly one 
Took her to the crib there she ran her gibs 
About mind upliftment and bein positive 
He yawned and he sighed til 1:05 
Then he finally realized that hunny wasn't live 
At least he didn't plan on buildin for the evenin' 
Threw the Fila on the dome and said 'Come on yo, we leavin' 
Came out on the scene as he told her to beep him 
Saw his man Sam with the blunt in his hand 
(Aww Shhh...!!!) You know the transaction 
Brothas gettin lost in the weed satisfaction 
Comin down the block man loud as (fuck) 
You would swear Redman was inside the trunk 
As the night seemed darker, cops is on a hunt 
They interrupt ya cipher, and crush ya blunt 
See you left your work at home, so they pat you down for nuthin 
Why in the hell does 10-4 keep frontin? 
You push to the park, even though it's still dark 
The kid is nice on the hoop, he said 'I'll spot ya troop' 

The night is on my mind 
The sun'll still shine 
But now the night is on my mind, the night is on the mind 
The night is on your mind 
A yo, the sun'll still shine 
But now the night is on the mind 
As for me... 

I'm a nocturnal animal, God concentrates 
On a young black man, who makes the niggaz speak a shake 
The nighttime is busy, it's word to Aunt Kizzy 
It's the time we get down, yo son, you know the sound 
The flavas on the top with the rugged beat to back it 
The night makes the aura and the J can't hack it 
The way the moon dangles in the midnight sky 
And the stars dance around, a yo, I think it's fly 
Intensity, most rappers don't see it 
Spirit wise, musically, you gotta be it 
Serenity and sirens of the sounds and emotions 
In the concrete jungle and the sun don't bungle 
I think it's hard to find the words on how I feel 
I paid about a deuce twenty for the Ampex steel 
But let me slow down, I think I ran my gibs enough 
Peace out to the Nation, stay rugged and rough 

The night is on my mind, the sun'll still shine 
The night is on my mind, the night is on my mind 
The night is on my mind, yeah, the sun'll still shine 
But now, uh huh, the night is on my mind 
The night is on your mind, you know the sun'll still shine 
But now the night is on the mind, yeah, the night is on my mind 
The night is on the mind, a yo, the sun'll still shine 
But now the night is on the mind, yeah, the night is on the mind 
The night is on the mind, a yo, the sun'll still shine
Hello, this is your Midnight Marauder program
I am on the front of your cover

I will be enhancing your cassettes and CD's
With certain facts that you may find beneficial

The average bounce meter for your Midnight Marauder program
Will be in the area of Ninety-five b.p.m

We hope that you will find our presentation
Precise, bass-heavy and just right, thanks
Q-Tip: 
Your new lesson is to realize the mission when you hear it 
MCin, see I got this in my spirit 
I got verses like Mahalia singin church hymns 
So strap up because you skatin on ice that's wild thin 
A weak foundation doesn't make a good home 
That's why mine is built on chrome microphones 
We bout to do it theoretically, insteadibly, to the medley 
Come on 
It's the complete Kamal, unique, Fareed, breed 
That'll keep you broke down like a horse 5 speed 
So move buddy, a yo we got to get this money 
In this land of dead and crummy, ain't a damn thing funny 
A yo, shout out to Mobb Deep, the Extra P 
Busta Rhymes, De La, the J Beez, so don't sleep 
We got reality for the carriage 
Stayin sincere to this, so I know we gonna manage 
Give me, liberty in mass amounts and Swiss bank accounts 
With the sustainer, it'll be real 
So me and my brothas, we can sit down and build 
Like Rampage with that last boy scout appeal 
We got that silk, satin, Manhattan intelligence feel 
That keeps everything on even keels 
So all you slow brothas talkin yang, ya poo tang 
Now, we gonna show you how the real crew bang 

Consequence: 
A yo, I bring it to you live kid, Queens niggaz love static 
Your rap's had it, braggin more numbers than mathematics 
I get brains on progmatic from leavin wet dreams shattered 
That's the same copy gettin in your mug shot 
I stays hot like summertime on LBQ and boo boo 
The love shack is 192, my joint's smooth 
To watch them niggaz fall like Linque 
I keeps it brand new like school shoppin 
It's on and poppin 
The club peeps this nigga's steez like rayon 
You get laid off while I'll be gamin ghetto girl like 8-Off 
The verdict's in, I be the look of blendin 
Give up your goods cuz it's the start of your endin 


Q-Tip: 
(Where ya at?) We seein life for what it is 
(Where ya at?) We get this money for these kids 
(Where ya at?) We bout to build the foundation 
(Where ya at?) 

Phife: 
Now, all that glock totin' trash you talk will not prevail 
It's stale, you'll either be dead or in jail 
I keeps it realer than the local one mill 
Denouncin tough guy wannabes that look smoother than silk 
That's the sound of the man gettin yanked off the stage 
Tryin to front like he mad paid 
Suckin so bad, we threw his mama off the train (insane) 
MCs are just givin it all away (OK) 
Who said him know about the Quest type sound? 
Mess around and get your ass knocked down (clown) 
I dedicate this to the posers that play hard 
You wanna hear some rhymes, well come bring your bodyguard 
So he can peep the worldwide Willie that we display 
Leavin all MCs in complete disarray 
I beez a veteran MC, crushin crews for years 
You frontin hard, when you softer than the Berenstain Bears 
Yeah, chumps be like "Phife, that ain't fair" 
Fuck outta here, do I look like I care 
Come off my stage, before I grab ya neck and handle ya 
Wet ya like punani, then dry you like Canada 
Shaheed Muhammad's on the Gemini mixer 
Peace to Derrick Coleman, Mad Max and the Sixers 
I'm cappin hard cuz I got this rap shit sold 
>From Linden Boulevard down to Cascade Road 
You know my steez, I treat hip hop like a sport 
Holdin down fort up on Martinique Court like... 

Q-Tip: 
(Where ya at?) We seein life for what it is 
(Where ya at?) We get this money for these kids 
(Where ya at?) We bout to build the foundation 
(Where ya at?) We gonna start the Zulu Nation 
(Where ya at?) Come on, come on 
(Where ya at?) We gonna put it all together 
(Where ya at?) No matter what the hell the weather 
(Where ya at?) 

Uh, uh, mind power (5X) 
Uh, uh, kickin willie is good, all throughout your whole hood 
But we gotta start with the spirit first y'all 
Mind power
This is the Lone Ranger 
If you're one of the fortuante to purchase this 
A Tribe Called Quest, The Love Movement album 
You are privliged to witness the first in a series of attempts 
To rectify music from it's rectulness 
Again, this is the Lone Ranger with his first installment 
Money Maker 
Listen 

Colder in the winter 
And hotter in the summer 
Get on up 
Get on up 
Live your life right when you be corrupt 
Volcano about to erupt 
Get it up, Get it up, Get it up 

Got the motivating joints that keep your ass jumping 
Why when a nigga get on, you want something 
Yo I got the posinious traps for little rats that fiend 
In come the bedroom dream 
Kick it at a slow or at a quick tempo 
A ladies' disposition won't fuck with the mental 
I'm built for conflicts with chicks with issues 
I can lick the wounds bring ease with miss yous 
Bringin' all the pain and makin' things shiver 
The beat make you bite your nails and shit your liver 
And we gonna give a encore performance 
Haters seem doormant while my presence is enormous 
Tarnations, I went gold 
Streesed out with Faith but told cats to get a hold 
Who is the nigga who's mic is stronger 
Rock for an hour and he might rock longer 
Kid you're perplexed, seems I better get to gongin' 
The clean up man, hang you up like on and 
Don't step in the arena, that's a stern warning 
I'm the pops, I raise the sun like morning 
Seems you're still sleeping, hey, stop the yawning 
Open up the blinds and witness the dawning 
The new application and I'm the applier 
And I'm a set it off like fire 
Yeah yeah, that's where it's at 
Make it hot and phat and like Puff (I like that) 
Now I got to urge you on to move ahead 
Don't dread, 'cause I keep the stock in the shed 
And if you need a boost, then I got the jump 
Because we prone to make the party go bump bump bump bump bump bump bump 
Where you is, if you the baby daddy then uplift the kids 
Get back and plan, don't be on front flossin' 
Incognito, you heard the name quite often 
You dressed in black and been issued a coffin 
I thrive on this plain, you off to the lost one 
Like cayon pepper, it gets hot to the better 
From each little dash it get the whole smash 
It's tasty too, so satisfy your whole pallid 
Fake ID's are revoked, they're invalid 
Infractin' bodies out on the dance floor 
Is what I wanna see, not less but much more 
The lyrics just spewed, he got good reviews 
The kid made the news, how he left no clues 
On how he just murderlized the whole damn jam 
He just got results that's smiles and waved hands 
The mission could never be accomplished, however 
Until we bounce to a autumn where hot weather 
And still we'll be able to rock and rip crowds 
While other emcees say nuthin' and talk loud 
While other emcees say nuthin' and talk loud 
If you with the Tribe, chest out and be proud 

Shake your money maker 
Shake your money maker 
Shake your money maker 
Shake it, shake it
R: 
We be the number one motivators 
Ghetto mentality and the innovators 
Some of y'all may really hate us 
But we won't be soft, all we wanna do is rock 

Phife: 
We be the crew that presents it on wicked instrumental 
Damagin your mental, from here to Sacramento 
This here groove was made for vintage freestylin 
Feelin like I'm chillin on a Caribbean island 
Rugged, raw material is what we bring forth 
A Tribe Called Quest, we representin up North 
What's that you're sayin in the back, actin all silly 
Kickin freestyle raps, rollin up phillies 

Q-Tip: 
It's the four man fiasco in charge like Roscoe 
Now you get the picture like Picasso 
We make it happen when these niggaz start rappin 
Who this, captain? 
Stick out your hand, you gets no dap and.. 
I got the Razor, got the Phife, I got the Shaheed 
Now all you shorties move your ass while you puff weed 
Blessin fans with autographs in my paths 
While other rappers get gassed, they be defeating the task 

Consequence: 
Yo, if I ruled the world 
It wouldn't be that gassed shit, niggaz will make the light swirl 
Cuz after you G, ain't nuthin but Girl... Scouts 
And I'mma show you what it's all about (ah yeah) 
Is what you say when my love is in your mouth 
Without a doubt, I cut MCs like the cord 
Cuz I does more than that MC from The Lords 
While you be froggin like Bud-wei-ser 
And rappin is what you slackin in 
I'm knockin MCs outta action like abstinance 
Rockin since kiss my dick was kickin ass 
Peachfuzz, cuz...you might be on drugs 

R: 

Q-Tip: 
To all my people across the state who sit back and contemplate 
Motivate, I motivate 
To all my people across the land who get their feet stuck in sand 
Motivate, I motivate y'all 

Consequence: 
A yo, I speak with something new but not Granddaddy I.U. 
Stay tuned, live from the L-B-Q 
A yo, it's destined St. John, I swing on your block 
You know how I get down like Heather B. with them glocks 
I came to lead my team to victory like Hayden Fox 
Cuz heads ain't ready for the willie I got 
Ya naw'mean slim, I dug my thing like them grim 
Leavin crews in state of black and blue like Rakim 
And if you don't know, you better ask another 
It's like 192 when we rollin deep cover 
So don't shut down on the Razor 
Cuz in the 9-Live we steppin through hotter than the Trail Blazers 
And in Queens, I be a legend like Richard Dean 
Son, I gotta team that Hakeem couldn't dream 
While you be standin sellin, Queens keep it live 
Who the hell you tellin (Kim from the Tribe) 

Phife: 
Let me tell you why I be the top dog in the industry 
Because all these so-called mutts are not seein me 
They too busy eatin cycles 1, 2 and 3 
They can't MC, I'd rather be down with fuckin Droopy D 
My style is deadly, word bond, act like you fuckin know 
Been writin rhymes ever since Ray Parker sang with Radio 
You're style is played out like a two-tone down goose 
You couldn't Converse if you had fuckin react juice 
So hold your corner as I fuckin bless this mic in here 
I'm eatin through your crew like Stephen King's ankle layers 
Chop off my feet, word to God, I'm gonna hurt you 
(Will y'all fall off?) Will Laura fuck Urkel? 
Never, here comes the funk, smell the aroma 
Kid, my shit's the bomb, ask my peeps from Oklahoma 

Q-Tip: 
To all my people across the state who sit back and contemplate 
Motivate, I motivate, I motivate y'all 
To all my people across the land who get stuck in great sand 
Motivate, I motivate y'all 
To all my peoples everywhere throw your mitts in the air 
Motivate, motivate, motivate, motivate 
Can't do nuthin for your frontin, get involved and do somethin 
Motivate, motivate, I motivate, I motivate, I moti...
[R 12x] 
Mr. Incognito, Incognito 

[1: Q-Tip] 
Yeah yeah yeah 
Mr. Incognito is back again 
Now all I want is peace and papes, and a physical frame 
Jottin' down my list of positives in life 
I want a ride, crib, mud, wife 
The look on my girl is filled with conviction 
Gonna get what I need, the league restriction 
Babble on the Boulevard to brother hood buddies 
Pokin in my pocket it's the E for the moneys 
Jay and all the jokes that jet in the jetters 
While I'm at the booth tube watchin ?beretta? 
Swig up on a forty cause I'm feelin thirsty 
Mama says she taught me, better say she cursed me 
Throwin' on my hoodie low-profilin, whassup with the Twister 
Brother man be wildin 
While I be on mission that's beyond eye level 
Questin out the devil and this styles that I sever- 
-al Quest with the Questers, a Quest on a solo 
Boomin in a Benzo, Beamer or a Bronco 
Boom pack a boom boom, boom pack a boom 
If my sight isn't seen, silly saps will assume 
That we fallin off the earth with the Nina and the pensa 
The Five Foot Assasin with the shade of magenta 

[2: Phife Dawg] 
Magenta is the shade for the mystic parade 
Physical Trini boy lyrically I enstrain 
Livin of Lyndon 1-92nd 
Chillin' at the rest other brothers wreck it 
Easy like I'm on it, Commodore Sunday 
Waited for tuesday, fourmatic monday 
When I woke wednesday persons was groundin 
Don't know the whereabouts can't be foundin 
Chillin' for the villain the one they call the Phifer 
Still on the smooth but a tidbit hyper 
Get with the gat one as I hit the D-L 
It's my thing what I ring I try to do it well 
You can bet your bottom dollar that the Tribe will not be slippin 
Makin hit after hit as we commence to start rippin 
People think I'm buggin' or I have the heebiejeebies 
The reason they can't find me is because they can't see me 

[R 12x]
Mr. Incognito, Incognito 

[3: Q-Tip] 
It's like the war's goin on in the middle of your mind 
But your mind can't contain Incognito's on the brain 
So you chill by yourself don't really sweat nobody 
Speak to all the brothers and say peace to every hottie 
But lurkin in the ghetto is a germ that insist 
Shoot you back the german away or utilise your fists 
Neither of the two, just continue with your thoughts 
And rush away your pain with the power of the thought 
Ain't got no time for girls, cause girls be on some bull 
Checkin' for a nigga who got crazy pull 
On some deep rooted sexual, highly intellectual 
Not checkin' for the fame although it's propetual 
I enter the world the same way I'll exit 
If you really think the groove, than hey glad you checked it 
'Cause Incognito's strong not urkin like a blister 
Before you speak about me, make sure you call me Mister 

[R]
[Q-tip]: 
Listen up everybody the bottom line 
I'm a black intellect, but unrefined 
with precision like a bullet, target bound 
just livin like a hooker, the harlett sounds 
now when I say the harlett, you know I mean the hott 
V-A-V-A-Vader, the brothers in the spot 
Jalick, Jalick ya wind up ya hit 
Captain of the poets, I'm the #7 pick 
lick, lick, lick boy on your backside 
lick, lick, lick boy on your backside 
listen to the fader, Shaheed lets it glide 
Tip the earthly body 
heavens on my side 
even in Santo Domingo 
Can I gotta Gringo 
we got mikes when do we go 
know a little nigga who can ryhme when you ask me 
short, dark, and plus his voice is raspy 

[Phife Dawg]
you know the style Tip 
it's time to flip this 
I like my beats hard like two day old shit 
steady eatin booty M.C's like cheese Grits 
My man Al B. Sure, he's in effect mode 
used to have a crush on Dawn from En Vogue 
it's not like honey dip would wanna get with me 
but just in case I own more condoms then T.L.C. 
now the formula is this Me, Tip, and Ali 
for those who can't count it goes 1-2-3 
The answer(scratch-Damn right I'm)Hiccup is how i be 
brothers find it's hard to do but never me 
some brothers try to dis my malik 
you see'm ditchin me 
now cure all the B.B. M.C.'s my shit is hittin 
trainin gladiator, anti-hesitater 
Shaheed push the fader from here to Granada 
Mr. energetic, who me sound pathetic 
when's the last time you heard a funky diabetic? 
(I don't know man(3x)) 
(I don't know(2x)) 

[R]: 
(Oh My God yes, Oh my god(10)) 

[Q-Tip] 
Complimentary it be 
the theif of Poetry 
I got a humdinger comin hook line and sinker 
the TIMBO hits with the prints underground 
TIMBO's on the toes, i like the way it's goin down 
down like the lady of the evenin 
when it goes in Toots just beleive the sin 
cuz Queens is the county, Jamaica is the place 
Take off your boots cuz you can't run the race 

[R]: 
(Oh My God x14)
R - Q-Tip: 
Oh My God (16X) 

Q-Tip: 
Listen up everybody the bottom line 
I'm a black intellect, but unrefined 
With precision like a bullet, target bound 
Just livin like a hooker, the harlett sounds 
Now when I say the harlett, you know I mean the hot 
Heat in the equator, the brothers in the pot 
Jalick, Jalick ya wind up ya hip 
Draftin of the poets, I'm the #7 pick 
Licks, licks, licks boy on your backside 
Licks, licks, licks boy on your backside 
Listen to the fader, Shaheed lets it glide 
Tip the earthly body 
Heaven's on my side 
Even in Santo Domingo 
Can I gotta Gringo 
Yo, we got mics, when do we go? 
Know a little nigga who can ryhme when you ask me 
Short, dark, and plus his voice is raspy 

Phife 
1 for the treble, 2 for the bass 
You know the style Tip, now watch me rip this 
I like my beats harder than two day old shit 
Steady eatin booty MCs like cheese grits 
My man Al B. Sure, he's in effect mode 
Used to have a crush on Dawn from En Vogue 
It's not like honey dip would wanna get with me 
But just in case I own more condoms than TLC 
Now the formula is this...Me, Tip, and Ali 
For those who can't count it goes 1-2-3 
The answer...big up is how I be 
Brothas find it's hard to do, but never me 
Some brothas try to dis Malik 
You see'm catchin me 
Don't worry about them booty MCs, my shit be hittin 
Trainin gladiator, anti-hesitator 
Shaheed push the fader from here to Granada 
Mister energetic 
Who me, sound pathetic? 
When's the last time you heard a funky diabetic? 
I don't know man (3x) 
I don't know (2x) 

R: 

Q-Tip 
Complimentary it be 
The thief of Poetry 
I got a humdinger comin hook, line and sinker 
The TIMBO hits with the prints underground 
TIMBO's on the toes, i like the way it's goin down 
Down like the lady of the evenin 
When it goes in hun just beleive the sin 
Cuz Queens is the county, Jamaica is the place 
(Phife: Take off your boots cuz you can't run the race) 
See, this is how we do when we keep it on and on 
Do what... 
Got my man Big Mo with the streets and the papes 
My man Big Mo with the streets and caprice 
This is how we do when we keep the wildin sheets 
Cuz we got to do it like this, we aim to please 
See ya next LP and next CD and next cassette 
Yo, we about to jet 
We A Tribe Called Quest and we the Midnight Marauders 
Tribe Called Quest and we the Midnight Marauders 
See ya next time cuz we the Midnight Marauders 
A yo, we out cuz we the Midnight Marauders 
Go to the record store and get the shit 
We work hard 
We A Tribe Called Quest and we the Midnight Marauders 
Queens got it's own and Brooklyn got it's own 
Like that
Q-Tip, Phife Dawg, Busta Rhymes 

One two, one two 
One-wa-wa-one, one two one two (3X) 
Yo it's the Q-Tip, you know I get down 
Yes I rock to the rhythm of a funky sound 
It go 
One-wa-wa-one, one two one two (2X) 

And it's the, Phife Dawg, and I do the same 
And when it comes to rippin mics aiyyo it ain't no games 
One-wa-wa-one, one two one two (2X) 

Aiyyo you know it's Busta Rhymes, ev-ery time 
Oh yes, I'm comin wicked with the new design 
I'm sayin 
One-wa-wa-one, one two one two (2X) 

1: Q-Tip 

MC's ain't coming equipped with the rhymes 
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time 
The time is eternal when you play with the miser 
Soul is in my body, and the health make me wiser 
The tantalizing wordplay yeah that's the joint 
Sometimes I have to cuss just to prove my damn point 
Brothers need to come, with better, compositions 
I write, and recite, to make, good position 
In this, rap game here, we en-gineer 
Stabbin up the jam yeah son shit's clear 
And I be kickin rhymes in my own damn way 
Beatin niggaz to the punch like Sugar Ray 
Got the cool-ass style, that's cooler than the cool 
My lyrics is the bullet and the mic is the tool 
Peace to C-Seventy-Three, and C-Seventy-Fo' 
Do a little somethin when I'm out on tour 
Comin thru like narcotics for the antibiotics 
Flappin shorty's stockings to the Space-like Sprockets 
What you really need to do is just boogie your ass 
It's not gassed, we got to make the good times last 
Let the good times roll, cuz we in control 
Take you out on your high less you payin a toll 
Let the good times roll, let the good times toll 
Take you out on your high less you payin a toll 

2: Phife Dawg 

Question 
Why is that, MC's be wack 
And major labels wanna sound like crap 
Aiyyo Funk Dat! 
Word to life I'm comin rugged 
Cuz once you add the hip to the hop kid, it equals out to love 
If the beat's fat I use it, some wack shit, I lose it 
Refuse it, how could you chose it, it stinks Renuse it 
Put down the mic kid, cuz you gets no dap 
How long did it take for you to see you can't rap 
The name is Phife Dawg, and I got nuff style 
It doesn't take long for me to get buckwild 
So bust what I'm swingin what I'm swingin when I swing 
I rap when I rap cuz I never wanna sing 
Go ask the last MC what happened when he said battle 
I bust his ass in Cleveland now he's Sleepless in Seattle 
Rude bwoy official comin with the ill grammar 
Comin back on kids, like Joey Montana 
We be the three MC's to make your mind go batty 
Mad play, on WKRP in Cincinatti 
So lord send a hon, if ya kyant send a han sen a man 
An if ya kyan sen a man, come yaself 
Cuz all deez bitin MC's, lawd dem somethin else 
See I kick the styles that'll make ya ass melt 
Money on my mind so never mind a trick 
New York is the town and the team is the Knicks 
World's greatest five footer rippin parties apart 
Here comes Shaheed with the big green shark 
Never had to rhyme about feelin what with lead 
NEVER MIND DAT MON HERE COME DE DREAD 

3: Busta Rhymes 

We comin farrrr farrrr farrrr 
Busta Rhymes is comin farrrr farrr farr 
ya know ya hear me Star! 
Bet your bottom dollah 
Right after this jam about one million one two niggaz go follow 
Whether it be to-day or to-morrow 
Niggaz be collaboratin sickening 
you beat them like they father 
Ohhhhh shit check out what I saying 
Ah-hah ah-hah ohhhhh ah-hah ah-hah 
You know my niggaz don't be playing 
Once upon a mah-hah-hacking time 
I received the opportuni-ties to represent my first rhymes 
To define, lyrical sensations 
Black masons blowin up the spot 
Just to represent the Nations 
Three dimensions, tryclops, Mr. Busta Rhymes three eyes 
Fat like a burger and fries 
Mama-so-mama-saa-mamma-ma-ko-sah 
Go back to the country to go check my grandmama 
Eeeyah!! Bring it to the table at the meetings 
Gathering large receivings delivering intellectual ass beatings 
As I carry on with my proceedings 
Greetings!! Watch a nigga debut on premier movie screenings 
But before I be face to face with my eternal resting place 
I hope you find civilized every soul and every race 
Sit dog sit! 
Busta Rhymes forever on that ultrasonic shit!
[D-Life] 
This is the master D-Life 
as we set it off with my mans A Tribe Called Quest 
And uhh, we got to do it like this baby 
We got to do it like that baby 
We got the good shit not the bullshit, yaknahmean? Ha hah 
We bout to count it down, we bout to count it off 
It goes a-one, two, three, ahh! 

[Q-Tip] 
Malik we gettin back into that shit again 
And when we rhyme, brothers need to break they pens, uh-oh 
It's The Love Movement never ends 
The rap game'll never be the same again 
(Phife Dawg where you at baby?) We came again 

[Phife Dawg] 
Here I come again, you feelin fine? 
The Dawg is like a overflowin rhyme from mind 
Usually mess with shorties whose a 8 or 9 
Shorty bump around to the bass-line 

[Q-Tip] 
F keeps a burner on the waist-line 
That cat's trickin off, I ain't wastin mine 
You feel the uniqueness, you seekin this? 
And when we do it, we be freakin this 

[Phife Dawg] 
Don't even front, you know you feelin this 
My shade is borderin around licorice (licorice) 
Enjoyin this tune, glad you playin it 
(Aiyyo Phife what's the hook?) 
Here we sayin it, SAYIN IT, SAYIN IT 

R: [+ D-Life]

My pad and my pen (ah ah, you didn't go there) 
The beat and the blend (say word, you didn't go there) 
The party won't end (you know, we got to be there) 
Just keep your [?], buildin with friends, yo 
[x2]

[Q-Tip] 
We're down for life with one destiny 
It seems that the devil keeps testin me 
Got the illest part of the recipe 
Yo tell your homegirl to stop stressin me (stop it) 
Undressin me is the part you really like 
Brothers hold the cracks now they holdin mics 
The cusses you get, ? steady rights 
For writers, we did that shit at Mid-night, a-ah-aight-aight 

[Phife Dawg] 
I love it when my honeydip be slobbin me 
Don't take it personal it's just comedy 
My comedy completely turned to tragedy 
I sense some of these rappers still be mad at me 
Sweatin her because of her anatomy 
When I bang you it'll be assault and battery 
Don't make me discombobulate your micraphone 
Talkin trash will only get you freakin head, flown 

[Q-Tip] 
Uhh, buy em out the box, never faulty ones 
Get in that ass like karate son 
I act with the light, sometimes it's lookin grim 
We manage a smile, sometimes we slip it in 

[Phife Dawg] 
My Tribe be worldwide like the Nike swoosh 
Emcees be soundin moist like vagina juice 
The top of the world, we pursuin it 
Don't worry about a thing, cause we doin it 
DOIN IT, DOIN IT 

R 2X 

[D-Life] 
That's the way we do.. c'mon, that's the way we do 
It's the nigga D-Life, with T-C-Q 
That's the way we are... and the beat won't stop 
Got to blow it up for the top...
Didn't think you knew how we rock...
R: 

All we want in this life 
Is peace, prosperity and a little paper 
Objects that seem greater 
But I'm sure well over come when we illin on a drum 
(2X) 

1: Q-Tip 

We in a world that places heavy emphasis on money synthesis 
Y'all can be my witnesses 
That a fella fascination with money has grown 
To the point that he will shit on his own 
We got to have it y'all, its not a Spike Lee cinematic 
A piece of paper makin niggaz get dramatic 
But the money doesnt come automatic 
Gotta motivate ourselves to go and grab it 
We got to get it yall, in an orderly fashion 
Some cats go about it with too much passion 
We got to mediate our greedy levels 
Cuz the lust of currency can have us sleepin with the devil 
Gotta recognize it, realize the power 
that this little ma-huckin piece of paper will devour 
Man can be greater than the thing he creates 
See, I'ma do my thing and see how much I can scrape 
Yo I'd rather have respect than money, no doubt 
But listen to me y'all, I want the mass amount 
That the Sesame Street Dracula cant Count 
So that I can give my people when that thing surmounts 
To higher levels.. of being.. so when I'm MC-ing 
I hope to see you there steady G-ing (say word) 
But the only way we can truly reach that goal 
Is finding true inner peace and prospering souls 
It's like that 

R

2: Phife 

Here comes your royal highness, one of Queens finest 
Believe me, honest, you know you can't stop it 
Come on son, never leave your mic round me 
True MC for real ask my man Shaheed 
Strictly focused on what Im in this rap game for 
Not for fame and screwing every whore after whore 
With all that AIDS stuff going round 
Tell me how that sound 
Rather hit the studio and hear some beats that pound 
Now, dont get me wrong I love honeys galore 
But see hip-hop's my bread butter 
Cause that's what I get paid for 
See this is what I wanted 
Allah helped me to get it 
And if the beat is wicked 
You know Malik will rip it 
From the bottom of my heart 
Thats where the love starts 
The love for breakdancing 
My love for the art 
And with this love I do hip-hop from the soul 
A real MC, who never sweats how many copies are sold 
Yeah I want to go gold, platinum, uh-huh etceteras 
But why put out some wackness when no one will respect ya 
Im staying true nuff respect to those that paved the way 
From Bambaata down to Shah; that be my DJ 
With out my peeps I dont know how the hell Id make it, word 
Sometimes I feel that my career is headed for the curb 
One love for the lendin hand and giving all your help 
Believing in me when I didnt believe in my own self 
The Abstract with whom Im always making rugged tunes 
Kid Hood restin in heaven, I hope to see you soon 
I keep things hot and this year they're even hotter 
Big Mu and Shah, one day I'll take my shahada 
Out 


Check it out! 
Back To Search 
Browse All Lyrics 


Voting: 
Rating: 
0.0 
0 votes 
Rate this song! 

A Tribe Called Quest! 
Vote for A Tribe Called Quest! 
Other songs by A Tribe Called Quest 

A Tribe Called Quest CDs
Kamaal (Q-Tip) 

Phony rappers who do not write 
Phony rappers who do not excite 
Phony rappers, check it out, aight 

1: Kamaal (Q-Tip) 

Yo, I was riding the train 
And this Puerto Rican kid said simple and plain 
Let's battle 
It kinda took me by surprised 
Cuz the brother was moving wit his eyes on the prize 
I said screw it, I ain't got nuttin to lose but um 
But I got to do this shit real quick so um 
Hurry up kid, bust your joints and then I'll bust mine 
And I be out cuz I got to see this hottie, he said ok 
Now check it, check it out, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, that's what he said 
Then I came back and just fucked up his head 
Cuz yo, he thought an MC who was seen on TV 
Couldn't hold the shit down in New York City 
Aiyyo, I showed his ass, then I went off on my task 
To bless her ass Uptown, real MC's will hold it down 
Yea, yea, sonny, to the beat like that 
You wanna bring it to me, where you at 

2: Phife Dawg 

Yes, dread, I had a similiar situation 
When this kid tried to tell me I didn't deserve my occupation 
He said I wasn't shit that I was soon to fall 
I looked him up and down, grab my crotch and said balls 
Of course he tried to bring it on the battling tip 
Ay, you know me, you know I had to come out my shit 
Trying to lounge at the mall, meet Skef and Mr Walton 
Finally I banged his ass wit the verbal assault 
He said a rhyme about his .45 and his nickelbags of weed 
That's when I preceeded to give him what he needed 
Talking 'bout I need a Phillie right before I get loose 
Poor excuse, money please, i get loose off of orange juice 
Preferly Minute Maid cuz that's exactly what it takes 
To write a rhyme, huh, to school your nickels and your dimes 
Because an MC like me be on TV 
Don't mean I can't hold my shit down in NYC 

Phony rappers who do not write 
Phony rappers who do not excite 
Phony rappers, you know they type 
Phony rappers, check it 

3: Phife, Consequence 

It seems there's a sanitation, y'all full of thrash talker 
Sounding good but money can you feed the dog hawker 
Talking 'bout your mic days and your breakdancing 
Not enhancing, you sound tired 
Oh, shit, I didn't know you like to play yourself in front'cha friends 
Sitting there, lying to no end 
MC's for me make things happening 
Talk about a world but in a form of rapping 
Who will be the captain of this ship 
If it goes down, don't you know you have to go wit it 
Just because you rhyme for a couple of weeks 
Doesn't mean that you've reach the MC's peak 
Let me stop sounding all bitter 
Ghetto child, never be a quitter 
But don't be a phony in the litter 
Take it as a letter from the better 
Take it from a man who used to rhyme in busted ass jetta's 

C: Yo, Phife, you need a condom 
P: Word to God, mess around 
I catch Aids from Mc's being on my nuts too hard 
C: 'Cuz on my blvd you better bring your bodyguard 
P: And what's your blvd 
C: LP, I represent naturally 
P: So don't step on the rolly if you know that you're phony 
Or else I bend that ass like elbow macaroni 
'Cuz I gotta keep it real (gotta keep it real) 
A Tribe Called Quest, you see we never half step 
C: (So on your mark) get ready, MC's be jetti 
Me and Phifey be on ya like Veronica and Betty 
Archie, Jughead, snuffing Mc's 
From Brainslane down to Hempstead 
P: Yes 'Quence, see over 
His rhyme style is older that a Chrysler car Nova 
I'm wilder then the cats from Arizona 
Villanova, un, un, Kentucky 
Whos' the next MC stepping up to try and bust me 
Bring him here and boy, will I ever let him have it 
C: And when it comes to the microphone, don't even try to grab it 
What?
Red Alert: 
Check this out, Cool DJ Red Alert 
With my man, Q-Tip 

Q-Tip: 
In the morning, woke up from sexual pleasures 
Looked at her sexual partner 
Who acquainted her acquaintance 
Five hours ago at a disco 
She went lower than low, into limbo 
A thought crossed the mind, her, a bimbo 
She answered no, so she had to go...on with the program 
Creedence, it seems that I've forgotten your name 
But it seems that she's done the same 
And now something has happened 
Suddenly, she's been distracted 
By something that has been attracted 
She poked and poked and smacked at it 
Then she broke down and she scratched it 
Now, I think you understand 
Clinic, saw the doctor flex his biceps 
Then he picked up a pair of forceps 
Her pretty face showed fright 
Right then and there, she fainted 
A really grim picture is painted 
The brotha who she acquainted 
Was the enemy, scary ain't it? 
The Pubic Enemy 

Red Alert: 
Yeeeeeeaaaaahhhhh!!! 
Let me tell you more about pubic enemy 
Ay, Q-Tip 

Q-Tip: 
Old King Cole was a merry old soul 
Had a lady queen, married since 18 
He protested, that he was infested 
Get lots of love and he couldn't digest it 
All propaganda, one big fat lie 
Cuz I see the king with my very own eye 
Schemed and schemed like a crack fiend king 
And poppin up on the teammates scene 
And poppin and pimpin on hunnies with moneys 
Whole situation to me, was kinda funny 
He hold the crown but not the jimmy hat 
Now he wears a frown and the jimmy hates that 
So the fair maiden in the royal bedroom 
Caught the king scratchin, so she had to assume 
That he got vicked by the enemy's trick 
The thought of cheatin made the maiden so sick 
That she screamed and screamed, went on and kept screamin 
Threw a pot and his dome was beamin 
You could hear him yellin in the motherland 
"Baby, baby please. Baby, understand." 
She ignored and walked through the gate 
The king is in the kingdom to await his fate...of the enemy 
The Pubic Enemy 

Q-Tip and Red Alert: 
Propmaster(yeah) Please listen to me(what?) 
Something lurkin by the JimBrowski 
(Who? Jenny?) 
No, not propulated 
A horrible creature that must be penetrated 
He gets all into ya, then he tries to do ya 
You better run fast, he's gonna pursue the... 
(What? Yo listen here. Propmaster whiz, no one fears...) 
Oh, the caves know, just thought I'd let ya know 
How he lives and how he go 
Watch yourself when you're out on the run 
The enemy is missed, we'll have too much fun 
There's four friends of mine that thought they were bad 
And laid up this girl, so now, they're sad 
They scratched and scratched like it was Saturday and... 

Red Alert: 
Listen here. This is Cool DJ Red Alert 
Known as the true, the only, the very one, the Propmaster 
There's only one thing I gotta tell ya 
There's a whole lotta propmasters out there. You know what I mean 
Shaheed a propmaster, Q-Tip a propmaster 
The Jungle Brothers a propmaster, BDP a propmaster 
45 King a propmaster 
I won't tell you nuthin bout the ladies, they ain't no propmaster 
But you know who's the main propmaster 
MEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
1: Q-Tip 

Q-Tip is my title. 
I dont think that is vital for me to be your idol, 
But dig this recital. 
If you can't envision a brother who ain't dissin', 
Slingin' this and that, 'cause this and that was missin'. 
Instead, it's been injected, the Tribe has been perfected. 
Oh yes, it's been selected, the art makes it protected. 
Afrocentric livin', Africans be givin' 
A lot to the cause 'cause the cause has been risen. 
Some brothers, they be flammin', thinkin' we ain't slammin, 
Comin' off like the days where we used to wear the tans and 
A blue-colllar talker, a hemisphere stalker, 
A glass of O.J and a ten mile walk-a. 
If you're in a Jeep and you dig what you're hearin', 
Can I get a beep and a ? of cheerin'? 
I am what I am, that's a tribal man. 
We all know the colours, we all must stand. 
As we start our travels, things they will unravel. 
"Que sera sera", for this unit is like gravel. 
Won't be gone for long, listen to the song. 
If you can't pull it, all ya gotta do is 

R: 
Push it along, push it along. 
Push it along, yeah, push it along. (4x) 

2: Pfeife, Q-Tip 

Put one up for the Pfeife, it's time to deceipher. 
The ills of the world make the situation lighter. 
The clock is always tickin', the systems should be kickin'. 
Like ? ham and eggs, I eat chicken, chicken, chicken. 
Should I release the lever, the lever of the clever, 
Embelish on the funk as we start to endeavour? 
The ?wraughts? of the rap filling up the gap 
With the smash of a hand and a little toe tap. 

The boom, the bip, the boom bip 
Indicates to the brothers that we be on the flip tip. 
Phonies start to crumble, funky rhythm rumbles 
Through the dance-hall, but my anthem is humble. 
It's the nitty-gritty, my time is itty-bitty, 
So I ?kick the slash for the gipper? and the witty. 
This ain't trial and error, more like tribe and error, 
Constantly rude as some sort of tribal terror. 
The street can't depart from the bloody heart. 
Repair the wear and tear, don't start 'fore it starts. 
Won't be gone for long, listen to the song. 
If you can't pull it, all ya gotta do is 

R

3: Q-Tip 

Marchin' off the project, we hope that you will subject. 
It's good to be an object and never, ever reject. 
The tribe who meanders with drunken propoganda, 
Keep it in boom and never will we slander. 
[?] should be handed, don't let me demand it. 
Money gives a nudge to the poet star bandit. 
Control it, then recluse it, follow, you won't lose it. 
Mysterious is the tribe for we choose it. 
Although she's flippin' crazy, give my love to Gracy. 
God, could you help 'cause this Quest is crazy spacey? 
The pigs are wearin' blue, and in a year or two, 
We'll be goin' up the creek in a great big canoe. 
What we gonna do, save me and my brothers? 
Hop inside the bed and pull over the covers. 
Never will we do that and we ain't tryin' to rule that. 
We just want a slab of the ham, don't you know, black? 
This society of fake reality 
Are nothin' but a peg of informality. 
While I sing my song, sing it all day long, 
If you can't pull it, all ya gotta do is 

R
{Q-Tip} 
It's a fly love song 

To the effect of nothing, effective fronting 
is what I don't allow so let me tell you something 
I am a bon-a-fide 
Not too modest and not a lot of pride 
Soon to have a ride and a home to reside 
if my momma is sick I'm by her beside 
Used to watch the show on channel 4 called Riptide 
Wash my wears in-Tide cause it's too damn cold 
out-Tide, that's how the runnings go 
If there ain't no dough then there ain't no show 
So take your roly poly fat promoter (ass) 
to the Chemical Bank, and get my cash 
If you wanna see the people scream and laugh 
You best Quest you ask the Quest you ask real fast 
Cause I don't wanna see em, start buckin 
Throwin chairs in the air while you be duckin 
what what? Don't step to me with that 
If you promotin the show make sure it ain't wack 
*sings* 
Or else I'm leaving ("let me tell you") 
I'm leaving (*cut and scratched* "let me tell you") 
I'm leaving (*cut and scratched* "let me tell you") 
Your wack show 

{Q-Tip} Yo man whassup with that? 
{Phife} Yo don't sweat me... 
... c'mon, five hundred, that was the deal 
{Q-Tip} C'mon man, don't try to play me out 
{Phife} We don't need you, sorry!!! 
{Q-Tip} You know you need me 
*drum roll* 

{Q-Tip} 
And the Abstract rapper says 

I want chicken, and orange juice, ?dat sauce on my rider? 
And my occasional potato by Oreida 
Don't forget my pastry make sure they're tasty 
I'm not the type to be pushy or hasty 
See I'm the type of bro that's reared in the ghetto 
Took a few shorts before 
Now the only ones I take are the ones that I wear 
Ain't takin no shorts no more, now 
please act proper 'fore I call the CrimeStoppers 
Don't dip on the dough, cause that's a no-no 
Make sure you count your money real slow 
Be alert, look alive, and act like ya know 
It's, the 90's, time to make moves 
Not, the 80's, do away withcha womb 
So what? You got a crew 
I got one too, they're called the Brooklyn Zoo 
Don't break fool, let's be reserved and cool 
We don't have to act like we in grade school 
Just make sure that we're taken care of 
And we'll do a fly show for ya bub, check it out 
Diggi-dang-diggi-dang, di-dang-ga-dang-a-diddy 
Diggi-dang-diggi-dang, di-dang-ga-dang-a-diddy 
Diggi-dang-diggi-dang, di-dang-ga-dang-a-diddy 
Diggi-dang-diggi-dang, di-dang-ga-dang-diggy-diggy
(devoted to the art of moving butts) 

Shaheed: 
It's a new decade 
The Native Tongues are about to proceed with the usual lingo 
The usual rhythm 

Q-Tip: 
Devoted to... the art of moving butts 
The rhythm's happenin, and it's movin up 
The Tribe has been on hold for much too long 
Don't fear the rhythm because it's strong 
On the corners, brothas bop their heads 
>From the high-tops to the knotty dreads 
I'm a nubian y'all, look what we did 
Took the crust away from the third eye lid 
Now, it's kinda open, longs to see the site 
Rhythms of the Tribe which is passed out right 
Night after night, day after day 
Questin for the rhythms of the Native Tongue lay 
Rhythm is the key as we open up the door 
Things a B-boy has never seen before 
Polyrhythmatic with a big fat boom 
You have an eargasm as you start to consume 
The ghetto beat with a ghetto poem 
Yeah, it's from the heart, cuz it's from the home 
Jarobi, Phife, Ali Shaheed 
Call me Koala, got what you need 
You're a disc jock, then jock this 
Rhythms can't lose, rhythms can't miss 
If you feel uptight and you need to freak 
It'll be alright once we drop this beat 

R: 
I got the rhythm, you got the rhythm (8X) 

Q-Tip: 
Ma ma sa ah, ma ma coo sa 
Gets hectic, freak a bourgeios 
We Quest around for the musical hard 
On the avenues, streets and boulevard 
Not sellin out, that's a negative 
Lovin hip hop, lovin heritage 
Got the instinct to travel miles and miles 
Gotta whole lot of room for piles and piles 
Now, you're kinda with it, wanna get the funk 
From the Zulu Nation, toppin all the junk 
Standin on the top like the Temptations said 
Rhythms are obese, yeah, you gotta keep 'em fed 
Read what I read, can't be better said 
Tribalic motions dabble in the head 
Sweetback's bad, not as bad a beat 
It's a "stone groove baby" 
Continue, on the windy road 
But, I'm luggin, a crazy big load 
Will we be on point for the ninety deck 
Is it muscle bound and will it flex? 
But trudgin, we are used to 
You don't Quest alone, Quest with a crew 
We're four, once more, must make the tracks 
You see four fronts, but now you see four backs 

R...
[Punch] Yo! We about to rock this joint, from the family. And 
we want ya'll all to know, that it's time... 

R: 
To rock rock ya'll 
Freak freak ya'll 
To the beat ya'll 
It's unique ya'll (2x) 

[Punch] 
A-yo praise the master, make plans wit' your pastor 
My rap'll blast ya, send you to the hereafter 
I push a tractor, for horses grazin' in the pasture 
Ya heard I was trickin', the whole room filled with laughter 
In ciphers, I'm the one you don't rhyme after 
You only know half of the math, it don't add up 
The lead batter, my hits make ya frame shatter 
Watch me now! Just begun like Jimmy Castor 
I'm bad luck just like walkin' under ladders 
Mad rappers, book of life, last chapter 
Me and my squad build just like contractors 
I break shit, you only give hairline fractures 
Women flash us, don't know ya better ask us 
A bastard, wit' more contacts than Lens Crafters 
Tear down the rafters, venerials couldn't clap us 
You need practice, hit chicks then I'm Casper 

[Jane Doe] 
The church of scientology, feminine biology 
Manic depressive psychologically, A.D.D. alive and we 
Polluted by technology, the fumes and its ecology 
While your thought you was out of copy I get nastier than sodomy 
Probably an oddesey, started back on robbery 
Was the degree of the economy that do the sovereignty 
Regarded as a prodigy, leery in sociology 
Let the wallabees always conceal my gynecology 
Rhymin' pathologically, that's how it gotta be! 
Never makin' no apology, worshippin' my anthropology 
Fuck modesty, studyin' microbiology 
Causin' verbal lobotomy, it's in my geneology 
Six months of sobriety, movin' very methodically 
Like a unicorn, more ways than oceanography 
Guard technology, rip shows antibiotically 
True thugs bionically, give birth to criminology 

[Words] 
Yo as a youngin', I swear to God you couldn't tell me nothin' 
I swore I was gettin' somethin', clothes or humpin' 
For girls with the church, slacks with some shirts tucked in 
I set it up for money, my mom worked when I was cuttin' 
Unsigned strugglin', for the heat I lit the oven 
One would by the CD, the other would do the dubbin' 
Before I met Rob, I was in the clubs frontin' 
Oh yeah I know the Tip, when I see him I be duckin' 
But now when I'm clubbin', those that used to dis were buggin' 
Overweight chicks, spandex, they stomachs sucked in 
Stay interruptin', dance and try to cut in 
Told people you got in free when you really snuck in 

[Q-Tip] 
We never get concerned about who's in the league 
We just stay workin' so no one will need 
An unconcerned outsider givin' niggaz feed 
My niggaz puff weed but negotiate the seed 
The family is granite and you can't intercede 
I try to switch lanes at this operatin' speed 
Cats in the game be gamblin' with greed 
We the house, you the player and we gonna catch these 
Who's the Sam Sneed makin' microphones bleed 
Poker face creed while my mind just read 
Shorty got rhythm but her freak got freed 
That's insignificant but this take heed 

[Mos Def] 
They say I'm pretty like Clay is, bright like the day is 
Beats from my fleet be sweet like Sugar Ray is 
I'm swingin' this from Bay Ridge to where the Oakland Bay is 
My game is tough to play, I'm tough to weigh like your safe is 
The aim is, to make you recognize what the name is 
Mos Def gon' set it straight from where the 718 is 
The place with the great superiginate the flavors 
An all-star block with some all-star laymans 
(Turn the music down!) This is probably some haters 
Achin' cuz they hear us rotatin' on the playlist 
From B-boy laces to Detroit gators 
Yo Tip I got to bail, where the scale? Help me weigh this... 

Yo! We wan't ya'll to know...that this is the family, right? 
And what we want everybody out there to do...on the dance floor... 
is get ready...because noooowwwwww we gonna... 

CHORUS (6x) to fade out
Check my style out 
Life situations are the one I speak about 
It seems cats now-a-days we gettin' introduced to courage 
Don't get discouraged 'cause my words will threw her like flourish 
we got the bounty 
we from the queen's county 
overlookin' things like a Rushmore Mounty 
And got no other choice except to get a little love 
We rise above 
We be fittin' like a glove 
Thr pain in my heart is getting dosed by joy 
We have no other boy but to bring the B-boy 
There's nothin' on this erb that can end still fear 
The locomive, puttin' my thing in gear 
I only have the fear of guard and that's aqua 
You need binaca 
Your trap is blazing like blanca 
I got the lethal you couldn't put a match to it 
Let me know yo we could do it like Stu it 
Mind over matter action is needed 
When the big one not to be super seeded 
Responsibility is somethin' I can't deny 
The illegallies is Narcist reply 
Most cats scrambled to do 'cause they want to 
But on the kick rising in the past on in prompt to 
My lily's hot like two links in the skillet 
A room filled with speakers one stage, watch me kill it 
Now we should resort from the cradle to the grave 
Round and opposition twisted like Super Dave 
You be looking, Bub, just like Uncle Jesse 
Don't make the scene messy 
'Cause it'll jump that's word Aunt Betsy 
Profound sentences to pure lyric dems 
Some of my friends be like a people with stems 
Folks be on the chase for this cheddar 
Thinkin' it makes your life better 
But it can make you ass out 
And when I'm at a show chicks never pass out 
We got the noise to make the whole mash out 
A Tribe Called Quest make the party go down 
Plus we make posite divots to fill up all your crowns 
Lyrics come to cats like a hot and cold flash 
So can come with ease if four and a smash 
Held the fort down like the Justice League all the super friends 
But in the world turn more spins 
Brothers walk the street with the ill pace face 
City life breeze contempt for each race 
All pages due to a law and I should say it 
It' the abstract, motor, vader, making things, making things better 
Puttin' things in perspective to rock and roll 
'Cause you know this kid is got wild soul 
Of every kind of drama 
Like stars out pirhanna 
Cold like ice jazzed hot like a sauna 
It's the has verse the the half guess who's arrived in the hood 
Exposing all wrongs it's all good 
Yo word up, hip-hop is live like a wire 
Let's get a little bit before the whole joint expire 
I got to stress it again 
You see it's for my Ken 
And all my babies 
Children of the world, no maybe's 
To you we got to move through 
And push through 
Because we got to make it happen keep the true blue 

It's like that 
So much confusion goin' on 
So much confusion goin' on 
Inside all mine 
Inside all mine 
So much confusion goin' on 
Uh, uh, uh, uh 
But everything will be fine 
So much confusion goin' on 
So much confusion goin' on 
Gotta make it alright 
Gotta make it alright 
Gotta elevate your mind 
Elevate your mind 
Elevate your mind 
Elevate your mind 
Elevate your mind 
Elevate your mind 
Elevate your mind
R: Tribe and L.O.N.S. 

Here we go yo, here we go yo 
So what so what so what's the scenario 
Here we go yo, here we go yo 
So what so what so what's the scenario 

1: Phife Dawg 

Aiyyo Bo knows this (what?) and Bo knows that (what?) 
But Bo don't know jack, cause Bo can't rap 
Well whaddya know, the Di-Dawg, is first up to bat 
No batteries included, and no strings attached 
No holds barred, no time for move fakin 
Gots to get the loot so I can bring home the bacon 
Brothers front, they say the Tribe can't flow 
But we've been known to do the impossible like Broadway Joe so 
Sleep if you want, like we'll help you get your Z's troop 
But here's the real scoop 
I'm all that and then some, short dark and handsome 
Bust a nut inside your eye, to show you where I come from 
I'm vexed, fumin, I've had it up to here 
My days of payin dues are over, acknowledge me as in there (YEAH) 
Head for the border, go get a taco 
I'll be wreckin from the jump street, meaning from the get-go 
Sit back relax and let yourself go 
Don't sweat what you heard, but act like you know 

2: Charlie Brown 

Yes yes y'all (yes y'all!) 
who got the vibe it's the Tribe y'all (Tribe y'all!) 
real live y'all (live y'all!) 
Inside outside come around... (who's that??) Browwwwwwwwn 
Some may, I say, call me Charlie 
The word is the herb and I'm deep like Bob Marley 
Layback on the payback, [evolve rotate the gates?] CONTACT! 
Can I get a hit? (HIT!) 
Boom bip with a brother named Tip and we're ready to flip 
East coast stompin, rippin and rompin 
New York, North Cak-a-laka, and Compton 
Checka-checka-check it out! 
The loops for the troops, more bounce to the ounce 
And wow how now wow how now Brown cow 
We're ill till the skill gets down 
For the flex, next, it's the textbook old to the new 
but the rest are doo-doo 
From radio, to the video, to Arsenio 
Tell me! Yo, what's the scenario 

3: Dinco D 

(True blue!) Scooby Doo, whoopie doo 
Scenario's ready yo, rates more than four 
Scores for the snores that's lovin dancefloors 
Now I go for mine, [shades of G sure?] 
Ship-shape plus Grape Apes to play tapes 
Papes make grapes great for the waist 
I'm an L-AH, an E-ADER, simply just a leader 
Bass in his face means peace see ya later 
Later? (LATER!) Later alligator 
Pop blows the weasel and my Earth the inflater 
So yo the D what the O, incorporated I-N-C into a flow 
Funk flipped flat back first this foul fight fight fight 
Laugh yo how's that sound (ohhhhhh!) 

4: Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes 

It's the leader Quest vision and we got the goods here (here!) 
Never on the left cause my right's my good ear (ear!) 
I could give a damn about a ill subliminal 
Stay away from crime cause I ain't no CRIMINAL 
I love my young nation, groovy sensation 
No time for hibernation, only elation 
Don't ever try to test, yo whattup little kid? 
Yo Mr. Busta Rhymes, tell him what I did 

I heard you rushed and rushed, AND ATTACKED 
Then baby puked then you had TO SMACK 
Causin rambunction, throughout the sphere 
Raise the levels of the boom, inside the ear 

You know I did it 
So don't violate or you get violated 
The hip-hop sound is well agitated 
Won't ever waste no time on the played out ego 
So here's Busta Rhymes with the, Scenario 

Verse Five: Busta Rhymes 

Watch, as I combine all the juice from the mind 
Heel up, reel up, bring it back, come rewind 
Powerful impact BOOM! from the cannon 
Not braggin, try to read my mind just imagine 
Vo-cab-u-lary's necessary 
When diggin into my library 
Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! 
Eating ayea toadstool like the one Peter Tosh-a 
Uh, uh uhh, alone with the track man 
Uh, pardon me, uhh, as I come back 
As I did it yo I heard you beg your pardon 
When I travel to the Sun I roll with the squadron 
RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon 
Change your little drawers cause your pants are saggin 
Try to step to this, I will, fits you in a turban 
And had you smellin right, like some old stale urine 
Checkady-choco, the chocolate chicken 
The rear cock diesel, for chicks they were kickin 
Yo, bustin out before the Busta bust a nut the rhyme 
the rhythm is in sync (UHH!) the rhymes are on time (TIME!) 
Rippin up this dance just like a radio 
Observe the vibe and check out the scenario!! 

Yeah, my man motherfucker! 

R
Busta Rhymes: 
Here in 1992, we present the fabulous what's the Scenario remix 
Where as there are 7 MCs. 
Six which are in physical form, one which is in spiritual essence 
And he goes by the name of, uh... HOOD! 

Hood: 

Check the vibe, punk that ass again, god 
'F' it (SHIITT!) ! I lay buckshots 
Hood, madman, I rip up stages 
Lay down your wages, I'm wild like Larry Davis 
Extra, extra, pick up a clip. I'll tear that ass out the frame (HUH!) 
And grab my dick (OH!) 
By the beats that I bump, I kick and drop bombs 
I'm rugged and deadly, so I shit on the petty 
A musical badder bastard, I'm bad news 
I'm crazy and clever, cut holes in crews 
Death on the phono, my skills are dolo 
You say 'oh no', you bitch ass homo 
I bag up waste, electrifying, I'm primetime 
I slaughter slime, I'm the greatest of all time 
Sick ass brotha, nasty ass nigga 
Pump slugs in your face and jump that ass in the river 
Two tears in a bucket, fuck it, kick the can (SAY WHAT, SAY WHAT!!!) 
I'm a bad, bad man 

Phife: 

Quick is how I flip from the tip of the lip 
Punchin out hits like Gladys Knight and the Pips 
The 5 foot assassin has just raided your area 
Your booty rhymes are wack and that's the reason why I'm hearin ya (SO!) 
Pull out the red carpet cuz I'm kickin this 
Vanilla Ice platinum? That shit's ridiculous 
Excuse my French, but profanity is all I knew 
And to you other sellouts, oh yeah, 'F' you too 
And let it be known, I'm not the one to step to 
You better off callin D-Nice to your rescue 
Freestyle fanatic, probably the best around 
As for corny MCs, like Chuck D, I 'Shut 'Em Down' 
The Artical Don of hip-hop and I won't stop 
The 5 foot assassin has come to wreck 'nuff shop 
So do like Michael Jackson and 'Remember the TIme'(DO YOU REMEMBER?) 
Put on your dancin shoes or somethin cuz you sho' can't rhyme 

Milo: 

(BIG UP BIG UP!) Into new eternity 
Next was said somethin that complies onto me 
What does it take to check a technique (MANY STYLES, MANY STYLES!) 
Hostile heat brings forth the energy 
Milo in the dance is the new identity 
One, two mic check, select for the ruffneck 
At a 10 to 1 bet, I come CORRECT! 
In my cyphers are blocks, I bring box to connect with knots 
So I can grow dreadlocks 
Maintain the rock DON'T STOP THE ROCK!!!) 
Maintain the rock (DON'T STOP THE ROCK!!!) 
Kick it right, then not, E. Watt said not 
I put my mug up, so fair is fair 
So C. Brown are we in the clear? (Yeah!) 
C. Brown are we in the clear? (Yeah!) 

Charlie Brown: 

Makin moves y'all (MOVES Y'ALL!) 
On and on and on (CHECKA, CHECK IT OUT!!!) 
To the breaka, breakadawn (WHO'S THAT?!?) 
Guess, one of the LONS and A Tribe Called Quest 
(EAST COAST!) to West 
Remixed mad kick more than Metallica 
To all ends like the Battlestar Gallactica 
Stampin, stompin, rompin Compton 
(PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD!!!) I'm promptin (STYLE!) 
Pick a style, any style, Strong Isle 
Representation, sensationalization 
Scenario for the radio, BLS and KISS, so 
(HERE WE GO, YO!) Yeah 
Force, Main Source LP on the rise 
In Living Color was seen through original eyes 
And I'm out like shout, Ooh Ahh, Ooh Ahh 
(OOH AHH, OOH AHH!) There it is baby par 

Dinco: 

Vine, limb on a limb, slim chim 
P I am, there I am (THERE I AM!) 
Don't run from a blim 
Sight be be right, be polite for mice like a Mike 
SEE SICK, SEE SYKE 
And slip away and off to the Poconos 
Spot bring the flows, might swing the fruity poles 
Yamaha (YAY-HA-MAY!) 
Let's split the funk, now it all spells (HEY!) 
Enough, enough, misfitted I'm with it 
If I did it, I would split it and probably shouldn't have quit 
'Cuz yo, my public status act Knight like Gladys 
Take rest space tests and yo, I'm like the maddest 
Male, not female, hail from Unidel 
Bounce the beat for the beat pole cuz beats are bein yelled 
In the hallway always ringin with a HO! 
This is my 2 times 9 on the Scenario 

Q-Tip: 

Check it out everybody, rhymes and mics 
Black mens gettin hip, DOIN' WHAT THEY LIKE! 
Eight black brothas in the public eye 
If you listen very close, then I'll tell you why 
HOOD!, Phife, Milo, Dinco and C. Brown 
Shaheed, myself and Busta Bust Brown 
Will commence to rock (ROCK!), so bring on the flocks (FLOCKS!) 
Interrogation for the knockin of the box 
The boom-box ruler controls the medula 
None come cooler, I win like Shula 
So bust out the moves as you start to pursue her 
Intensified mind, non blunt consumer 
Tip will come booty (WELL, IT'S ONLY A RUMOR!) 
The beat is so sick, that it starts brain tumors (TUMORS!) 
Peace to Hood baby from the midnight crooner 
Smoke him up later, if not, then sooner 

Busta Rhymes: 

Hey what we gon DO! in '92, even though we had FUN! in '91 
Quick to turn my day, all things comin down 
Run up on the new sound, leavin cracks in the ground 
What's goin on my man (GOD DAMN!) and now my brain is hurtin 
Busta, rhythm will hit 'em, then I get 'em 
Rip on 'em, shit on 'em, hit on 'em, then I will sit on 'em 
Open up your mouth if you want the food 
Take in full, Flipmode, cuz I'm in the mood, Uh-heh, uh-heh 
Yeah man, that's how it goes 
Body drippin with blood comin out your nose 
Give me a band-aid, what are you askin for? (MORE!) 
All in your secret and pure 
Adverse, they said, check it and I bust a new rap 
Rap, Busta Rhymes, and bust this wicked rap 
Yeah y'all in '92, I'm packin my ant spray (ANYWAY!) 
Tickle it, Tribe Called Quest, Leaders of the New School 
Mad brothas would still think... Rhow, Rhow, Rhow!!! 
To my dragon, baby, stop whining 
I see my influence still shining 
More crazy in '92, uh oh, time to go, yo 
That's the Scenario!
Sometimes men and women look at themselves and see bliss 
Through experience we tend to exist 
That's through our past or our caretakers 
The instance is in particular, so you need to recognize that 
if you take all this away 
and look at us at the end of the day 
we stand great among creation 
So baby take these words as a little inspiration 
While I kick this shit get your ass motivation 
MCs, you're walking a thin line 
Get in your ranks and tighten up as we walk through mines 
and plus vipers, phony rhymers and biters 
Money-grubbers, beat-dubbers 
amongst a whole host of others 
Who be fakin', fraudulatin' 
Waitin' for your bacon 
They be takin' and skatin' while you sit contemplatin' 
Who's your peoples 
Well let me tell you somethin' now paw 
We're livin' a world that's R-A-double-raw 
It's crazy but it's true, go for delly is the law 
and if you cross the path then you dangerin' your jaw 
And if you Glass Joe, don't go toe-for-toe 
Yo all we wanna do is our thing and lay low 
So brothers hold your heads high when you get down 
Don't violate these women cuz we need them around 
It's all of us together, not the one without the other 
The Abstract is ill, word to mother. 

R:
We got to do our do, not separate, together 
Got to move on through, not separate, together 
Got to do our do, not separate, together 
Got to move on through, not separate, together 

Yo, we got some problems baby 
People stressed out, check it 
But we can make it Sugar 
Keep it light and I say 
move on through separate 
not together but together 
Not separate, that's how 
we got to do it, check it on out 
Bust it, yo... 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
1 

[Q-Tip] 

Let me tell you 'bout the snakes, the fakes, the lies 
The highs at all of these industry shing-dings 
Where you see the pretty girls 
In the high animated world 
Checkin' for a rapper with all the dough 
If you take a shit they want to know 
And if you're gonna fall, they won't be around, y'all 
So you still wanna do the show business? 
And you think that you got what it takes? 
I mean you really gotta rap and be all that 
And prepare yourself for the breaks 
Check it out! 

Do you wanna be in the business? (The Business) 
The ups and downs with the hoes (The Business) 
Always gettin' fronted on at shows (The Business) 
People gotta stick their nose (In the Business) 

2 

[Q-Tip] 

Yo, I gotta speak on the cesspool 
It's the rap industry and it ain't that cool 
Only if you're on stage or if you're speakin' to your people 
Ain't no-one your equal 
Especially on the industry side 
Don't let the games just glide 
Right through your fingers, you gotta know the deal 
So Lord Jamar speak, because you're real... 

[Lord Jamar] 

They're givin' you the business and puttin' on a show 
You're a million dollar man that ain't got no dough 
But you got a ho tickets backstage to a show 
Sedated and at that fact they elated 
Time pass and your ass say "Where's my loot?" 
The reply is a kick in the ass from a leg and a boot 
All you wanna do is taste the fruit 
But in the back they're makin' fruit juice 
You ask for slack and wanna get cut loose from the label 
Not able cos you signed at the table 
For a pretty cash advance, now they got a song and dance 
That you didn't recoup, more soup wit' ya meal? 
Cos this is the real when you get a record deal 
And I say... 

[Phife] 

Aw... shucks, look what the cat hauled in 
It's Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest, let me begin 
Like Chuck D, I got so much trouble on my mind 
'bout these no-talent artists gettin' signed, they can't rhyme 
And if that ain't bad, you got bootleggers 
Goin' out like suckers, motherfuckers 
Feel it's time that I let loose the lion 
And if not that then I'll commence to head flyin' 
Seems in '91 everybody want a rhyme 
And then you go and sell my tape for only $5.99? 
Please nigga, I've worked too hard for this 
No more will I take the booty end of the stick 
Bogus brothers makin' albums when they know they can't hack it 
Cos they lyrics is played like 8-Ball jackets 
Now tell me I can't tear it up 
Go get yourself some toilet paper cos your lyrics is butt 

Do you wanna be in the business? (The Business) 
People can't walk a straight line in (The Business) 
Some of these brothers can't rhyme in (The Business) 
A-yo, I'm tryna get mine (The Business) 

3 

[Sadat X] 

The party scene is cool, but then again it's all the same 
You see the same faces, but at different places 
When you're up and ridin' high everything is palsy-palsy 
Get a million pounds and all the skins give you hugs 
Well that's cool, I can dig it, it really ain't my bag 
Prefer to max on the side and let my pants sag 
"Oh, he's a cutie", yeah, real cute 
But I wasn't that cute when I didn't have no loot 
Although I hit a pound of herbs I'm still nice with the verbs 
So fuck what you heard 
The born cipher, cipher master makes me think much faster 
But critics still continue to plaster 
My name and discredit my fame 
All that shit is game 
And I don't really give a damn 
Eat from the tree of life and throw away the verbal ham 

[Diamond D] 

Well, excuse me, I gotta add my two cents in 
Don't be alarmed, the rhyme was condensed in 
A matter of minutes so it must be told 
All that glitters' not gold 
Everybody wants a deal, help me make a demo 
See my name in bright lights, ride around in a limo 
My moms keeps beefin' ("Boy, get a job") 
But I wanna make jams, damn, I know I'll slam 
Huh, well it's not that easy 
You gotta get a label that's willin' and able 
To market and promote, and you better hope 
(For what?) That the product is dope 
Take it from Diamond, it's like mountain climbin' 
When it comes to rhymin' you gotta put your time in 
Get a good lawyer so problems won't pile 
You don't wanna make a pitch that's wild.
Q-Tip: 
Do you know the importance of a skypager? 

Those who don't believe, see you're laid behind 
Got our skypagers on all the time 
Hurry up and get yours cuz I got mine 
Especially if you do shows, they come in fine 
If you're with a G and you're sippin wine 
Eatin caccatore with a twist of lime 
Gotta meet your lover at a quarter to 9 
Joint by base, then you get your high 

Phife: 
If you get your then high, mine is next 
The 'S' in skypage really stands for sex 
Beeper's goin off like Don Trump gets checks 
Keep my bases loaded like the New York Mets 
At times I miss the pager so you don't get vex 
Havin bad days like a voodu hex 
Conceptually, a pager is so complex 
Cuz I be standin by the phone ready to flex 

(Welcome to the new skypager) 
(phone dialing) 
(Enter telephone number or other numeric message) 

Q-Tip: 
Uh, so funky (4X) 

Phife: 
The batteries I use are called Du-ra-cell 
They last for three weeks so they do me well 
Don't be goin through no phases my joint stays on 
24-7, from dusk til dawn 
If you're in Costa Rica on a sunlit beach 
You greed for the Phifer, I can be reached 
A number of importance, I just put it on lock 
You leave code '69", that means you want some (cock) 

Q-Tip: 
People tend to think that a pager's foul 
Well it kinda is, cuz it makes me scoul 
But it really hurts when you're on the prowl 
Brothas know it hurts when you're on the prowl 
Grabbin on my joint 'cuz I'm an eager owl 
Get paged by a G or a business pal 
My shit is overflowin, they won't allow 
Another page, so I'll just end this now 
(Message sent. Thank you for calling skypager)
Q-Tip: 
Do you know the importance of a skypager? 

Those who don't believe, see you're laid behind 
Got our skypagers on all the time 
Hurry up and get yours 'cuz I got mine 
Especially if you do shows, they come in fine 
If you're with a G and you're sippin' wine 
Eatin caccatore with a twist of lime 
Gotta meet your lover at a quarter to 9 
Joint by base, then you get your high 

Phife: 
If you get your then high, mine is next 
The 'S' in skypage really stands for sex 
Beeper's goin off like Don Trump gets checks 
Keep my bases loaded like the New York Mets 
At times I miss the pager so you don't get vex 
Havin bad days like a voodu hex 
Conceptually, a pager is so complex 
'Cuz I be standin' by the phone ready to flex 

(Welcome to the new skypager) 
(phone dialing) 
(Enter telephone number or other numeric message) 

Q-Tip: 
Uh, so funky (4X) 

Phife: 
The batteries I use are called Du-ra-cell 
They last for three weeks so they do me well 
Don't be goin through no phases my joint stays on 
24-7, from dusk til dawn 
If you're in Costa Rica on a sunlit beach 
You greed for the Phifer, I can be reached 
A number of importance, I just put it on lock 
You leave code '69", that means you want some (cock) 

Q-Tip: 
People tend to think that a pager's foul 
Well it kinda is, cuz it makes me scoul 
But it really hurts when you're on the prowl 
Brothas know it hurts when you're on the prowl 
Grabbin on my joint 'cuz I'm an eager owl 
Get paged by a G or a business pal 
My shit is overflowin, they won't allow 
Another page, so I'll just end this now 
(Message sent. Thank you for calling skypager)
[Q-Tip] Phiiiiiife Dawg 
[Phife] Yo Kamal 
[Q-Tip] Reggie Noble 
[Redman] Up in ya! 
[Q-Tip] Yo Busta Bus, yo it's time to step up 

[Busta Rhymes] 
You know I plas-ter, the little bas-tard 
and mastered the real way you slap the bitchest niggaz backwards 
Hah! Uh-oh, aiyyo, whenever Busta Rhymes say so (mmmhmm) 
when we move yes (mmmhmm) sometimes we lay low (mmmhmm) aiyyo (yo) 
Big up my little nigga Pedro 
Make you after the L like turkey, cheese and to-ma-to (to) 
Fuck is that? Especially for niggaz that will pay no 
attention to instructions, like they still wan' disobey y'all 
Wonderin how it's activate real quick? 
But then I could grow about five feet more with an extra dick! 
One dick to hold in my hand when I'm rockin the mic 
The extra dick to blow up the pussy for the rest of the night 
Then I return with more lyrics like a bunch of rough niggaz 
They tough niggaz that snuff niggaz (hah) 
I know the club got enough niggaz (huh!) 
to slap your face, expert, who the next jerk, to make me 
exert heat? FUKKIT, let me network! 

[Redman] Ha-hah! 
[Q-Tip] Yo Reggie Noble 
[Redman] Feel me, yo Busta Bus 
[Busta] What up? 
[Q-Tip] Yo Phife Dawg, yo it's time to step up 

[Phife] 
Yo what the fuck, ungh! 
Check it here, peep the four-man transaction (action) 
Phife diggy Dawg, we on some Todd Shaw mackin (mackin) 
You know my stee', there's no time for relaxin (relaxin) 
Word to Reggie (Phife Dawg) yo it's _Time 4 Sum Aksion_ 
Girl swing yo' ass, I can feel you climaxin (climaxin) 
Don't even front, you know you wanna make it happen (make it happen!) 
Yo Busta Bus, do you hear Violator faxin? (mad faxin) 
Eighty G's for one show (eighty G's yo) that's satisfaction (satisfaction) 
Now which emcee feel like he fuckin with dis heah? (This here) 
Word to Queens, I keep shit hot like a canish, yeah (Nish yeah!) 
Malik is back, I'm here to make you look foolish (foolish) 
My roughest niggaz in the Apple (Apple) on Coolidge (Coolidge) 
Remember White Shadow? My click stay sharper than an arrow (c'mon) 
Plus in Trinidad I'm treated like the mighty sparrow (uh-huh) 
Freestylin son, like there was no tommorrow (fuck it up nigga fuck it up) 
Hence the reason why your bitch ass would love to follow (what?) 
Two different toasters in your chest will make your shit hollow 
How's about them apples, oh is it too hard to swallow? 
Push your wig back, word to Big Moot and Bolo 
Billy Razor, Fudge Lover, on down to Shine Lightro (Love Movement) 
Yo Bootsy takes this mic from this fool see, make him run it 
Five-foot invasion son, you can't run from it 

[Busta] Yo Reggie Noble 
[Redman] Blaoowww, yo Phife diggy! 
[Phife] What up? 
[Busta] Yo yo Kamal it's your time to step up! 

[Q-Tip] 
Check it out, the original, shit, we makin it 
Takin it, to the extremes, we breakin it 
When we get, inside a zone then you feel that it's good 
All you jelly cats stop marinatin my wood 
Niggazm grab the mic with loads of malarky 
I bring the knowledge and wield the anarchy 
Put it on pooh-butts who's unsettled with ignorance 
Give the last sentence with poignance and diligence 
Eighteen wheelin through niggaz like truckers 
Breakin ankles, put it on like we at the ruckus 
Guaranteein that shorty can move it around 
In the place that gets you hot but leaves you here on the ground 
Contenders don't you even think to challenge the crown 
Of these brothers who so elequently hold the beat down 
Fuck the rigamarole, we vyin for the control 
We the musical equation of the whole entire nation 

[Q-Tip] Yo Phife Dawg 
[Phife] Yes Kamal 
[Q-Tip] Busta Bus 
[Busta] What up? 
[Q-Tip] Yo Reggie Noble yo it's time to step up 

[Redman] 
Yo yo 
I'm just a ill nigga who don't got it all up stairs 
Riding dick, get the balls til they come in pairs 
Oh yeah, throw the goggles on these engineers 
Cause it might, get kinda wet when I spit this here 
Yo, I'm six-foot-one with a big ass gun 
To carry it you'd need a waistline the size of Big Pun 
But I move crowds without a gun 
like if -- The New York State Lottery is ninety nine million!! 
Hah-hah, yo, when it's time to flow I suprise and blow 
five hundred thousand units off a dime a trow 
Forty below, I'm thorough when it's time to throw 
the caboose, I'm even hard to be touched by a masousse 
Whoo-whoo! Funk Doc gets the money 
and best believe I went through more trees than Sonny 
Me, Kamal, Busta Bus, Phife Dawg 
Shittin, pussy niggaz get Lysol! 
Heh heh heh
[Phife] 
Linden Boulevard represent, represent 
Tribe Called Quest represent, represent 
When the mic is in my hand, I'm never hesitant 
My favourite jam back in the day was Eric B. for President 

Rude boy composer 
Step to me you're over 
Brothers wanna flex 
Youre not Mad Cobra 
MC short and black 
There aint no other 
Trini-born black like Mia Longs grandmother 
Tip and Sha they all that, Phife-Dawg ditto 
Honey tell your man to chill, or else you'll be a widow 
Did not you know that my styles are top-dollar? 
The Five-Foot Assassin knockin fleas off his collar 
Hip-hop scholar since bein knee-high to a duck 
The height of Mugsy Bogues, complexion of a hockey puck 
You better ask somebody on how we flip the script 
Come to a Tribe show and watch the three kids rip 

[Q-Tip] 
Queens is in the house represent, represent 
A Tribe Called Quest represent, represent 
No tamin of the style cuz it gets irreverent 
A Tribe Called Quest represent, represent 

Huh-huh, here we go 
You know that I'm the rebel 
Throwin' out the wicked like God did the Devil 
Funky like your grandpas drawers, dont test me 
We in like that, youre dead like Presley 
When we comin through get tickets to see me 
We work for the paper so therell never be a preemie 
Lyrics are abundant cuz we got it by the mass 
Egos are all idle cuz the music is the task 
Valenzuela on the pitch, curveball, catch it 
I think I got it locked, just smooth while I latch it 
Right 
Now I must move with the quickness 
Here comes Shaheed so we must bear the witness 

R

Stir It Up x3 
Steve Biko 

Stir It Up x3 
Steve Biko 

[Phife] 
New York City represent, represent 
A Tribe Called Quest represent, represent 
The Dawg is scientific with the styles I invent 
A Tribe Called Quest represent, represent 

MCs like to meddle, but heres my proposition 
I let my lyrics flow, and jumped your whole position 
I'm radical with this like the man this song is after 
Yo Tip settle down, whats the reason for the laughter? 

[Q-Tip] 
I really cant say, I guess I laugh to keep from cryin 
So much goin on, people killin, people dyin 
But I wont dwell on that, I think I'll elevate my mental 
Thanks for these bars on the Biko instrumental 

[Phife] 
Yo I take it back, Im the Indian giver 
MCs take notes as I stand and deliver 
Percussion isnt less, D's wear the vest 
While they dodgin bullets, you should be dodgin Quest 
Dont get me wrong, violence is not our forte 
I just like to rhyme, kick the lyric skills like Pele 
Tip educateem, my rhymes are strictly taboo 
Fill em with some fantasies and I'll look out like Tattoo 

[Q-Tip] 

Okay 
I am recognizing that the voice inside my head 
is urging me to be myself but never follow someone else 
Because opinions are like voices 
we all have a different kind 
So just clean out all of your ears 
these are my views and you will find that 
we revolutionize over the kick and the snare 
The ghetto vocalist is on a state-wide tear 
Soon to be the continent and then the freakin globe 
Theres room for it all as we mingle at the ball 
We welcome competion cuz it doesnt make one lazy or worn 
We gotta work hard, you know the damn card 
Try to be the fattest is the level that we strive 
Try to be the fattest also to stay alive
R: Faith Evans 

I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out 
When you're face to face with your adversity 
I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out 
We're gonna make this thing work out eventually 

1: Consequence, Q-Tip 

Yo I ain't one to complain but there's things in the game 
(What's your name?) Consequence, I'm tight, burnt like flames 
(And why's that?) American dreams, they got this ghetto kid in a fiend 

Don't stress that 'cause it's not in your bloodstream 
Your whole being, comes from greatness, d'you remember 
Shatan got you caught in the storms of December 
And brothers on the block packin nines like September 
Crazy situations keeps pockets on slender 

Yo I be on the avenue where they be actin brand new 
I'm splurgin' on these Reebok joints for shorty boo 

All of a sudden, I saw these two kids frontin 
Talkin out they joints but they wasn't sayin' nuttin 
My hand was on my toolie they was actin unruly 
(Say word) Yo word up, yo I was tight caught up 
But I swallowed my pride and let that nonsense ride 
Because I'm positive it seems that negative dies 

Yo we was at the dice game makin these cats look silly 
Flamin, steady runnin off at the Willie 

I had my cash mixed, my rent due, with my play-dough 
I gotta see some loot so all my girls I blow 
Shook them shits in my palm let em hit the flo? 
Kept my eyeballs scopin for them pigs po-po 
I got to go on the ave see my parole by fo? 
But I gotta steady freak these boys like JoJo 

And I was doin' it, 'til I met Ike, Spike, and Mike 
One roll, they had my pockets thirstier than Sprite 

Yo I know the feelin, when you feelin like a villain 
You be havin good thoughts but the evils be revealin 
and the stresses of life can take you off the right path (no doubt) 
Jealousy and envy tends to infiltrate your staff 
We gotta hold it down so we can move on past 
all adversities, so we can get through fast, like that 

R

2: Consequence 

You got the N.W.O. (low cash flow) 
Your baby's on the way (and you don't know who) 
And crosstown niggaz tryin to (bust at you) 
Aiyyo they got me stressed out (and you don't know what to do) 
So frame this Kodak black, and vision to my contact 
with a poultry scrap, workers get pistol smacked 
The switch hittin Queens, niggaz liquid sword spittin 
with raw poppy, and now your first love is krill 
Your vision of the mil got crept like Hey Lover 
Tried to rise to the top, you just couldn't recover 
And all I want is my laceration of the pie 
to get this whip cream before the water runs dry 
Niggaz flashdancin yo I don't know why 
You?re sick of snitchin, she got you cruisin to the pokey 
like Smokey, the stress be tryin to squeeze out a homey 
While I be tryin to get star status like Shinobi 
So we can build a dynasty, just like the Toby's 
And all I want, is the world to know my steez 
These money hungry niggaz is seven thirty 
And got me stressed out like these frog MC's 

R

Outro: Faith Evans 

Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it) 
Don't worry we gon make it (oh yeah) 
Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it) 
We gon make it (gotta make it) 
Don't worry we gon make it (gotta make it) 
We're gonna make it (we gotta make it) 
Don't worry we gon make it (we gonna make it) 
We gonna make it (ohhhhhhh) 
Don't worry we gon make it (ohhhhhhh) 
Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it) 
Don't worry we gon make it (ohhhhhhh) 
We gon make it (ahaowwhwwww) 
Don't worry we gon make it (ahahwwww) 
I know we gonna make it (we're gonna make it) 
C'mon baby we gon make it (yeahhhh) 
We gon make it (yeahhahhahhhh) 
Don't worry we gon make it (we're gonna make it) 
We've gotta make it (we've gotta make it) 
We've gotta make it (oh yeah) 
Know we're gonna make it 
We're gonna make it, gonna make it, we gotta make it, know we gonna make it...
[Phife] 
Dundali, Dundalow, Dundli Dundalee 
You know I look for trouble but trouble didn't follow me 
All I wanted to be was an iller MC 
Ever since nigga small as I grew up in Queens 
What did you mosh of the Nontall (Holla Me!) 
I turned my best friend Quaturem em head what I'd seen 
And ever since that day (y'll hear me) things been a mess 
R&B goes to rocky, true I tell and bless 
So nowadays I go and see wifey just to kill me from stress 
Lay my head on her breast, sugar definitely knows best 
Explaining all my problems to her, gettin things off my chest 
A lil hug up squeez up and no more I vent 
Aiyo Sunny, without my peeps I'd be truely assed out 
Making sure I have my lettercations so I wouldn't pass out 
Native Tongues for believing in me when everyone was fessing 
Most of Ja Mighty for the guidance and the blessings 

R: Faith Evans 

I really know how it feels to be stressed out, stressed out 
When you're face to face with your adversity 
I really know how it feels to be stressed out, stressed out 
We're gonna make this thing work out eventually 
(*32 seconds between*) 

I really know how it feels to be stressed out, stressed out 
When you're face to face with your adversity 
I really know how it feels to be stressed out, stressed out 
We're gonna make this thing work out eventually 
Come on baby we gonna make it 
Come on baby we gonna make it 
Come on baby we gonna make it 
We gonna make it 
Come on baby we gonna make it 
Baby we gonna make it 
Come on baby we gonna make it 
We gonna make it 
Come on baby we gonna make it (ohhhh) 
Come on baby we gonna make it (Gonna make it) 
Come on baby we gonna make it (ohhhhh) 
We gonna make it 
Come on we gonna make it (ohhh) 
I know were gonna make it (We're gonna make it) 
Come on baby we gonna make it (Gonna make it) 
We gonna make it (Ohhh yeah) 
Come on baby we gonna make it (Yeahhh baby) 
We gonna make it (Gonna make it) 
We gonna make it (Yeahhh) 
I know were gonna make 
Were gonna make it 
Gonna make it 
We gotta make it (Oh yeahhh) 
You know we gotta make it
Hey sucka nigga, whoever you are" (2X) 
"hey sucka nigga, hey sucka nigga 
whoever you are, whoever you are" 

[Q-Tip] 
Aiyyo, turn it up Muhammad 
Turn everything up in the headphones 
so I don't lose my vocals 
Yeah that's good, turn my vocals a little bit 
with the upper bassline 

I be hatin sucka MC's, and the sucka niggas 
Posing like they hard when we know they damn card 
what you figure, rhyme-wise, I do the figure eight 
So concisely, musically we are the herb so sit back 
and light me, inhale *inhalation noise* 
My style is kinda fat reminescent of a whale 
Young girls desires for the females dreams 
I be the Abstract Poetic representin from Queens 
Socially I'm not a name, black and white got game 
If you came to the jam, well I'm glad you came 
See, nigga first was used back in the Deep South 
Fallin out between the dome of the white man's mouth 
It means that we will never grow, you know the word dummy 
Other niggas in the community think it's crummy 
But I don't, neither does the youth cause we 
em-brace adversity it goes right with the race 
And being that we use it as a term of endearment 
Niggas start to bug to the dome is where the fear went 
Now the little shorties say it all of the time 
And a whole bunch of niggas throw the word in they rhyme 
Yo I start to flinch, as I try not to say it 
But my lips is like the oowop as I start to spray it 
My lips is like a oowop as I start to spray it 
My lips is like a oowop as I start to spray the 

Sucka nigga, nigga nigga 
I throw the sucka in the front for the ones that front 
The sucka niggas, nigga nigga 
I throw the sucka in the front for the ones that front 
The sucka niggas, nigga nigga 
I throw the sucka in the front for the ones that front 
It's the neo-nigga of the nineties, c'mon 

I be hatin sucka MC's, and the sucka niggas 
Posin like they hard when we know they damn card 
what you figure, rhyme-wise, I do the figure eight 
So concisely, musically we are the herb so sit back 
and light me *inhalation noise* inhale *echoes* 
My style is kinda fat reminescent of a whale 
Young girls desires for the females dreams 
I be the Abstract Poetic representin from Queens 
Socially I'm not a name, black and white got game 
If you came to the jam well I'm glad you came 
See, nigga first was used down in the Deep South 
Fallin out between the dome of the white man's mouth 
It means that we will never grow, you know the word dummy 
Other niggas in the community think it's crummy 
But I don't, neither does the youth cause we 
em-brace adversity it goes right with the race 
Yo I start to flinch, as I try not to say it 
But my lips is like the oowop as I start to spray it 
My lips is like a oowop as I start to spray it 
My lips is like a oowop, yo you know the rest 

The sucka niggas, niggas niggas 
I throw the sucka in the front for the ones that front 
The sucka niggas, nigga nigga 
I throw the suckas in the front for the ones that front 
The sucka niggas, nigga nigga 
I throw the sucka in the front for the ones that front 
Sucka niggas, nigga nigga 
Aiyyo Shaheed, take us the fuck outta here
I'm bout to wreck ya body and say turn the party out" --> BizMarkie 
(4X) 

Phife: 

Them can't touch me no, them can't touch me 
Them can't hold me no, them can't hold me (2X) 
(Q-Tip: Damn, Phife you got fat!) 
Yeah, I know it looks pathetic 
Ali Shaheed Muhammad got me doing calisthenics 
Needless to say, boy I'm bad to the bone 
Making love to my mic like Jarobi on the phone 
But um, no time for jokes (what!), there's bills to be paid (what!) 
Hoes to be laid (what!), punks to be sprayed (what!) 
Chumps to attack, so my man watch your back 
'Cuz '93 means skills are a must, so never lack (uh!) 
Sit back and learn, come now watch the birdie 
Your styles are incomplete, same as Vinny Testaverde 
Battlin, whenever - hot Damn! 
Give me the microphone bwoy, one time, bam! 

Q-Tip: 

Keep it on the corner, 'cuz here comes the heat 
Lyrically it stays, the jazz will pace the beat 
As we proceed to elevate you, we in fo-fo 
Run and tell your dad the Abstract's the bag 
As we proceed to move your high parts, we know who has ass 
Poets got the gimmicks, but they lack the sassafras 
To make the average hardrock and cock the glock 
And roam the city streets on the jury, they hot 
I be ingredients, like sugar and candy 
If your life is broke, girl I'll be the handy-dandy 
That commends you, my fee is a shower 
For you, I'll scrub your back and I'll soap the butt-crack 
Make you shiny, spiffy in a jiff 
Fuckin' with the Ab, you got the greatest of gifts 
Yo, my mic is sounding bug. Bob Power, you there?(Yeah) 
Adjust the bass and treble make my shit sound clear(echo) 

R (x8): 
(Q-Tip: After fourth time) 
Make you shiny, spiffy in a jiff 
Fuckin' with the Ab, you got the greatest of gifts 
A-yo, my mic is sounding bug. Bob Power, you there? 
Adjust the bass and treble... OK, could you come in Tip? 

Q-Tip: 

Whoop, back yourself man. Come watch me drop it 
For showing me I could do it, for showing me I can rock it 
Me not deal wit no changaram, bangaram business 
I got soul on a hymn, like Jehovah's got the witness 
Musically, the three, poetically, be me 
We in jammin on the airwaves, kids just rave 
Obey the MCs, cuz the MCs say 
We flippin more niggaz like we Super Dave 
But noticin my stature, y'all niggaz know we gotcha 
Movin to the rapture, listen how we catch ya 
Movin with the grace, here we go, let's begin 
Makin people jump out their goddamn skin 
Lyrically, we bite like we Rin Tin Tin 
Peace to Grand Pu and his many, many skins 
Don't mark with the arrow, cuz we know we get the wins 
It's the Ab, Shaheed, and the Dawg for the blend 

R: ...

Q-Tip: 

I wanna say peace to my man Rob P, my man Jerod, and 
Skeff Anslem on the help out and we out like shout 
Nine-tre, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh... 
I don't wanna say nine-tre 
cause my man Extra P said don't say the years 
So, it's for eternity, know what I'm sayin'? 
Rock rock on, everybody in Queens, rock rock on 
Everybody in Brooklyn, rock rock on 
Money Earnin Mt. Vernon, rock rock on 
Everybody in Jersey, rock rock on 
Everybody in Philly rock rock on 
Everybody in Houston, rock rock on 
Everybody LA, rock rock on 
Everybody in The Sand, rock rock on 
Everybody in Egypt, rock rock on 
Everybody Nigeria, rock rock on 
Everybody in London, rock rock on 
Everybody in Sweden, rock rock on 
Everybody in beware, rock rock on 
To the niggaz on the famous, rock rock on 
Everybody no name, rock rock on 
To the kids at Nu-Clear, rock rock on 
The Cave rock rock on. McDonald's, rock rock on
[Q-Tip]
Yea, move your body, decide to party 
'Bout to bring it to you kid like we never ever did 
My nigga Al G in it, my nigga Shaheed in it 
We got the girl Kristine in it, got my man Big G in it 

Hey, yo, inside the ghetto or in a sunny meadow 
I'ma make you move whether woman or fellow 
Yo, I got the medals in the warfield of respect 
Like an ill porno make ya body get wet 
Just a ghetto child trying to live a straight and narrow 
Hoping that my shit will pierce your dome like an arrow 
I'm sure it will, especially if it's God's will 
MC's you ready to die cuz I'ma kill 
All you negative feelings standing on two feet 
While I make the hotties move to the hip-hop beat 
You know what's really killer, realer than you can imagine 
Using every source of pain in my range to make it happen 
If I make it happen, that means I'm making motion 
And I'm doing my thing causing an ill commotion 
Everybody do the hop, niggaz soothe like lotion 
I lay up in the piece or an incognotion 
You gotta do the hop then move to the beat, you don't stop 
Now everybody here, you do the hop 
You going up to cop, a town full of brick, don't stop 
You gotta come back and do the hop 
Yo, fuk the cop, you gotta come back and do the hop 
Move till your body won't stop 
You gotta do the hop, nonstop motion, nonstop 
You gotta come back and do the, do the 

[Phife] 
You see you, your career is done like Johnny Carson's 
Get me vexed, I do like Left Eye, I'll start an arson 
Now that I got that out my system 
Watch me stab up the track as if my name was OJ Simpson 
I packs it in like Van Halen 
I work for mine, you, you're freeloading like Kato Kaelin 
I'm representing wit my crew 
Mess around, bite my rhymes, I beat that ass wit my shoes 
C'mon, you know I'm crazy nice (nice, nice) 
Brothers can't deal wit this shorty named Phife 
You must be mad in the head 
I bust his ass and leave 'em bloodclot for dead 
Niggaz sound like Das EFX 
If it ain't Das EFX, then they sounding like Meth 
You might as well do Megadeth 
Yo, punk MC's better save your freaking breath 
You'se a corny muthafuka 
You must be high smoking dust wit Chris Tucker 
You - asses don't want this 
I pull more beeps than the beep at the premier of Pocohantas 
Word is born, I am the baddest 
And all you honies out there, word is born, you know my status 
So come and pull your panties down 
This ain't no Barnum and Bailey show, I don't get down wit the clowns 
So why don't you and your friends, get wit me and my friends 
But don't bring your ass buying you ain't got no ends 
Word is born, it don't stop(stop,stop,stop...) 
Just ease your mind, come along and do the hop 

[Q-Tip]
You gotta do the hop, you move to the beat, you don't stop 
Come on everybody, do the hop 
Even if you a cop, you gotta come back and do the hop 
You move to the beat, you don't stop 
You smoking jub rocks, you gotta just stop and do the hop 
Then you come back and do the hop 
You know we don't stop, we on the ghetto, rise on the top 
You know we come back and do the hop 
Shorties in the place, all the shorty rocks, do the hop 
You gotta come back and do the hop 
We never go on pop, you know we come back, we do the hop 
This is how it is, we do the hop 
You move to the beat, then come on everybody, don't....
Classic, classic... 
Classic example of a... a date rape (4X) 

Q-Tip: 
Listen to the rhyme, it's a black date fact 
Percentile rate of date rape is fat 
This is all true to the reason of the skeezin 
You got the right pickin but you're in the wrong season 
If you're in the wrong season, that means you gotta break 
Especially if a squad tries to cry out rape 
You be all vexed cuz she got it goin on 
You don't wanna fight cuz you know that you're wrong 
So instead you rest your head on the arm of the couch 
Envision in your head of a great sex bout 
Worthy opponent, all you wanna do is bone it 
You ask can you kick it, she says you can't stick 
This is the case, the situation is sticky 
Should you try to kiss or head for a hickey 
Not even, you can ask Steven 
If the vibe ain't right, huh, ya leavin 
Hit the road Jack and all of that 
But if she offers her abode, to drop ya load 
Right smack dab in the middle 
Get the kitten, I got crazy tender vittles 

Phife: 
Uh huh, you know science, you get buckwild 
Runnin mad games as if your name was Scott Skiles 
Or better yet Magic or even Karl Malone 
Regardless who it is, your aim is to bone 
If she tries to front, then you start to dis her 
If she's with the program, that's when you start to kiss her 
Might as well get to the point, no time to waste 
Might as well break the ice, then set the pace 
You start to talk nasty, now she's ready to bone 
Step out of the shower, throw on cologne 
All of a sudden, her sugarwalls tumble down like Jericho 
She's hotter than Meshach, Shadrach and Abendego 
You listen to After 7, break fool after 10 
Do your thing at 12 o'clock and when you go again 
There goes round 1, ding, there goes round two 
Now tell me what the (fuck) are you supposed to do 
What do you know, when the meow is completed 
Girly girl cried rape, yo, I didn't really need it 

Q-Tip: 
Sweetheart, we ain't goin out like that (2X) 
Sweetheart, we ain't goin out like that (zulu) 
We ain't goin out like that (zulu) 
We ain't goin out like that 

Now baby bust it, if you wanna groove 
Me and you can do it, it will be the move 
I won't cry over spilled milk 
If you won't let me take you to the Hilt 
I don't wanna bone you that much 
That I would go for the unforbidden touch 
I'm not the type that would go for that 
I'll have to fetch a brand new cat 
Baby, baby, baby I don't wanna be rude 
I know because of your bloody attitude 
I know why you act that way 
It usually happens on the 28th day 
I respect that crazily 
When you're done with the past can you come check me 
This ain't a joint to disrespect you 
Because one head ain't better than two 
Check it out 

It's a classic example of a... a date...
So many people, right now 
Motivated to shit 
Bull shit over some bull shit ass reasons 
But we 'bout to put it inside of a love perspective like 
Love it 

We do it all for the love y'all 
Yeah, we do it all for the love y'all 
Weither white, black, Spanish, ain't a thug y'all 
We do it, we give it all for the love y'all 
We just givin' it all for the love y'all 
We do it, we do it all for the love y'all 
We in the party, put your hands up 
Yeah y'all, we do it all for the love y'all 

Love getting down and I love a cool breeze 
Love seein' checks from record companies 
Love lovin' love 'cause I love what I do 
And we do our thing for the one nine two 
And the rest of the country 'cause we from there too 
Makin' sure love is givin' when I get it from you 
Everybody, we regulate the party and shit 
Love it when I get a little rugged wit' it 
Love the circumstance to make my dough flow right 
Love rockin' mics plus the ill style nights 
She does it real good but love'll make it mo' better 
Got me kind of open in the DK sweater 
Love when my peoples come home from jail bids 
Really love women and I really love kids 
Love tight gloves where the muisc just bang 
Camp-ass with gas women or shorty got bangs 
Lovin' it 
Yo yo, I'm lovin' it 
Love a women when she got a tight outfit 
Outfit meaning outlook and disposition 
You love it when a nigga cause a love composition 
Love peanut butter and jelly on wheat 
Wylin' out, makin' hot shit to hot beats 
From Ohio to Poughkeepsie 
From Phoenix to NC 
From Cali to DC 
Love it when the pressure falls righ on me 
Love it when God keeps on overlookin' 
Do a tight show so promoters keep bookin' 

We do it all for the love y'all 
Yeah, we do it all for the love y'all 
We get the paper but it's still for the love y'all 
From the heart inside of the heart y'all 
we do it, we do it all for the love y'all 
For real, for the love, for the love y'all 
All my peoples in the ghettos, for the love y'all 
All my peoples all around, for the love y'all 
For the love love 

For my crews bomb, where my peoples still at 
If they call me and I don't call back 
For weeks at a time, love is still intact 
Let's be big about it, and realize the fact 
Love it, when the underdog comes through 
Ghetto revalizer, overthrow these rules 
Love it, when I get spared another day 
Used to drink zay while my niggas weighed yay 
Love it, when I gain control over this 
Life is really bigger than the rolly on my wrist 
Got a twist to this shit and the answer's inside 
Sho as the world's small and the missisipi's wide 
Had to rock a vest over unchoosed fest 
Now I see people rockin' theirs in jets 
Love it when my loved one really hold me down 
Brand new flight and I'm takin' off ground 

We do it all for the love y'all 
Check it out, we do it all for the love y'all 
For the love y'all, for the love y'all 
For the love, for the love y'all 
We get the paper but it's still for the love y'all 
Yo, we do it all for the love y'all 
For everybody, for the love for the love y'all 
Weither white, black, Spanish, ain't a thug y'all 
Yeah, we givin' y'all this shit, the love y'all 
Just the love inside of the heart y'all 
Yeah, for the love for the love y'all 
Yeah, for the love for the love y'all
I had a dream about my man last night 
And my man came by the studio 
And his name is... 
Busta Rhymes in effect, Shaheed is in effect 
Phife Did-awg is in effect 
Check it out and give me my 'spect 

I'm movin, yes I'm groovin' 'cuz my mouth is on the motor 
Use the Coast in the mornin' to avoid the funky odor 
Can't help bein funky, I'm the funky Abstract brotha 
Funky in a sense, but I play the undacova 
Once had a fettish, fettish for some booty 
Now I'm gettin' funky and my rappin', that's my duty 
Brothas tend to jock on the style in particular 
If you got the ego like some brothas, then I'll get with ya 
But if I don't pursue, then I just don't give a (fuck) 
My motto in the 90's is be happy makin bucks 
Girls love the jim, 'cuz it causes crazy friction 
When it goes up in and fluctuates the diction 
I still understand the (uh!) 'cuz that's what I met her for 
I'm hooked on the swings, so just call me the music whore 
Women love the voice, brothas dig the lyrics 
Quest the people's choice, we thrive it for the spirit 
If you can't hear it, then get the wax utensils 
Write my rhymes straight up, don't get with no fancy stensils 
The rhymes we get is sweet, we stay away from tart 
Our perfection is at work, perkin up the art 
If you want to battle, I suggest you check your clock 
Your demise is comin up and I want your man to watch 
Be the prime example, I deep instilled the sample 
Insignificance, here I'll place you on the mantle 
Born up in Harlem, reside down in Jamaica 
The girl I used to rock, her moms was a claker 
Now what does that make her? The evil money taker? 
The crazy move faker, I used that to break her 

(Vinia Mojica singing in the background) 
Phife is in the house, Uncle Mike is in the house 
Bob Power is in the house, Tim Latham is in the house 
Wise Men is in the house, Brand Nubs is in the house 
The J Beez, they in the house and De La, they in the house 

I must regroup my thoughts and kick the next ones for my people 
Please don't be deceived by ugly slice of evil 
The world is kinda cold and the rhythm is my blanket 
Wrap yourself up in it, if you love it, then you'll thank it 
Don't move to rebuttal, wave your hand for action 
The ladies of the '90's want more than satisfaction 
They want keys and Gs, and all those illy things 
If you want to, I'll show you, just what the Ab can bring 
I keep a tight net with my brothas Ken and Kenny 
If the question is of rhymes, then I'll tell ya, I got plenty 
The thing that men and women need to do is stick together 
Progressions can't be made if we're separate forever 
I hooked this funky beat with the loop and the feature 
With the funky singin' by Miss Vinia Mojica 
So listen because the Quest is led through the underground 
My people been up on Quest to long, no more will we be down 
People tend to riff cuz they don't know the mental 
People tend to bug cuz their beats are hard but gentle 
Afro kinda lurks through the body of this youngun' 
Play like Bobby Byrd on your back and your comin' to 
The house of the jazz, of the funk, of the rhythm 
All the goods are welcome, but if you're a villain 
I'll just wait and debate, contemplate your arrival 
If flexin' is your motive, then you don't like survival 
The Abstract is speakin', the hard beats is reachin 
The Black and Puerto Ricans 
'Cuz their butt naked, streakin through the ever murky streets 
Of the urbanized areas 
Blastin out the speakers is the hip hop hysteria 

Craig is in the house, Pete Rock is in the house 
CL is in the house, Ultra Mag is in the house 
Nice and Smooth is in the house, Big Daddy Kane is in the house 
Beatnuts is in the house, Special Ed is in the house 

Yeah (7X) 
This one goes out to my man 
Thanks alot Ron Carter on the bass 
Yes my man Ron Carter is on the bass 
Now check it out 
Born into the 91 decade 
You gotta say the Quest is on 
And goddamn it, yes the Quest is on 
And we out!
Q-Tip: 

Let me flaunt the style (style), I think that the time's near 
That we drop studs (studs), there will be no duds here 
Rappers play the dumb (dumb), kinda on the space tip 
But when they hear the jams (jams), they be on the dilsnick 
Now I'm not for the rock (rock), I know the territory 
Go ahead and try (try), that's a different story 
Similar to Grimm (Grimm), I could write a better one 
All about a kid (kid), who couldn't rap and didn't run 
Stand (stand) aside (aside), when the rap is gettin dumb 
Resort to baggin Billy (Billy), askin can he have some 
No, never ever (ever) come back and try again man 
If you come back (back), I'll be the first to shake your hand 
Competitions good (good), it brings out the vital parts 
The Abstract Poetic ('etic), majors in recital arts 
Do it for the kids (kids), the elders and the rap peers 
When the job is done (done), then we hear a lot of cheers 
Gotta feel the vibes (vibes), come from my creation 
If the hands clap (clap) are filled with elation 
Here I am ghetto, full with a lot of steam 
Think I gotta, I think I gotta, I think I gotta scream (scream) 
Cuz that's how good it feels child 
Let your hair down (down), so we can get buckwild 
Do your ill dance (dance), don't think about the next man 
We must have unity and think of the bigger plan 
The vision, we fall (fall) we must stick together, see 
I'd like to take this time (time) to say what's up to Kool G 
The name is Q-Tip (Tip), The Midnight Marauder 
Give enough respect ('spect) to Afrika Bambaataa 
As a man in the world (world), I must do my job 
Take care of Mama Duke (Duke), I won't resort to rob 
Bob you'll get your dough (dough), Mase is my witness 
Obsessed with the rap (rap), for its the mental fitness 
Like shootin cee-lo (lo), and always gettin headcracks 
The industry is luck (luck), winning with the fake raps 
Peace to the crews (crews), who pump the real hip hop 
Not sellin out (out) from hardrock to disc jock... 
(From disc jock to hardrock, from hardrock to disc jock) 

Phife: 

I don't know what to say, but here I go freak it 
If the papes come, then you know I'll seek it 
I'm just a short brotha, dark skin face 
Weigh a buck-fifty, 36 waist 
My hair is crazy curly 
Front like Mr. Furley 
To this day, I still believe that no MC can serve me 
Brothas try to front, but everybody know (know) 
I get more props than the Arsenio Hall Show 
Party animal I was, but now I chill at home 
All I do is write rhymes, eat, drink, shit and bone 
Found my thrill in Amityville, I'm always in the Island 
Fudge and Monkey know the time, they know who keeps 'em smilin 
Go out on my own, somethin that I gotta do 
Do what the hell I want and have no one to listen to 
I'm prompt with my business and I do things on the double 
Yo, I'm out like Buster Douglass, I say peace to MC Trouble 
Rest in Peace 

Q-Tip: 

Word Up, rest in Peace, and you know what else? 
We got, we got, we got the vibe (vibe) 
All the people in Long Island, we got the vibe (vibe) 
Brooklyn and Queens, we got the vibe (vibe) 
Uptown and New York, we got the vibe (vibe) 
People upstate, we got the vibe (vibe) 
If you're in DC, you got the vibe (vibe) 
Maryland, Virginia, Carolina vibe (vibe) 
Out West, we got the vibe (vibe) 
In the Bahamas, we got the vibe (vibe) 
Over in Europe, you know what? We got the vibe 
And we gotta keep it alive, it goes on... 

Of rap I'm a fan, I've seen a whole lot of subs 
Goods with the girls, I got a whole lot of 'em 
From fat to skinny, Freeda to Winnie (Winnie) 
Emma to Cindy, Constance to Wendy (Wendy) 
Cuz I be more friendly (friendly), never on the snotty side 
I don't brag to brothas about the little papes I got (got) 
My vocal styles can vary, the sight is never scary (scary) 
It's only legendary ('dary), my father well prepared me ('pared me) 
My job ain't temporary, I'm here for the long shot 
Better yet, the long term, I don't have a perm (perm) 
In a way I do, call 'em the perma-naps 
I'm crazy slap-happy and I'm scrappy when I'm nappy 
When I get the mic in my hand and the crowd in stands (stands) 
It's as good as grand like that (that) 

I wanna say peace and dedicate this joint to MC Trouble and to 
um...Trouble T-Roy 
And to um...Scott La Rock and to um...Cowboy, you know what I'm sayin? 
This is for the slain rappers and the fallen rappers 
you know what I'm sayin (sayin)? 
This is a special, special, special, special, special dedication 
And also to my pops and also to Vinny, his moms (moms) 
you know what I'm sayin? 
You just gotta keep it happy and keep the vibes going 
and this is Vibes and Stuff 
And we out...
R: 
We can get down 
We can, we can get down (4X) 
Ah, it's like that man, it's like that (yes!) 
It's like that man, it's like that (yes!) (2X) 
It's like that man, it's like that 
(Rakim from "My Melody":"Why waste time on the microphone") 
Check it 

Phife: 
I'm not your average MC with the Joe Schmoe flow 
If you don't know me by now, you'll never know 
Steppin on my critics, beatin' on my foes 
The plan is to stay focused, only then I can go 
Straight from the heart, I represent hip hop 
I be three albums deep, but I don't wanna go pop 
Too many candy rappers seem to be at the top 
Too much candy is no good, so now I'm closin the shop 
Crushin competition like your tires on grapes 
My rhymes styles be blendin like a Ron G tape 
My man where ya goin'? You can't escape 
When the Tribe is in the house, that means nobody is safe 
How can a reverend preach, when a rev can't define 
The music of our youth from 1979 
We rap about what we see, meaning reality 
From people bustin caps and like Mandela bein free 
Not every MC be with the negativity 
We have a slew of rappers pushin positivity 
Hip hop will never die yo, it's all about the rap 
So Marion Barry smokin crack, let's preach about that 
The trash you talk won't matter, that old bogus chatter 
The more that you condemn us, it only makes us phatter 
When I talk, I know I'm talkin for you poppers all around 
You know you love the sound, we gets down 

R: 

Q-Tip: 
I'm the cherry on the top of yo ice cream 
I'm the wish you thought inside your dream 
Listen to the way we pulsate the jam 
I'm the nigga here with the mic in hand 
Styles that we present are just a few 
To do away with you and your hum drum crew 
This is '93 and the shit is real 
Black people unite and put down your steel 
Ladies make a forum on your sexual drive 
Devoted to your lover and make it thrive 
The riff was of F, I'm a hip hop body 
Release the energy like the force of a shotty 
Standin' on the wall with my Polo on 
Talkin to the girl with the Liz Claiborne 
Keep the poetry in my black knapsack 
Got my Timbo horse and my Doublemint pack 
Hit the city streets to enhance my soul 
I can kick a rhyme over ill drum rolls 
With a kick, snare, kicks and high hat 
Skilled in the trade of that old boom bap 
I can do a trick with the opposite breed 
I used to down 40s and smoke grain weed 
Now, I'm doin shows with half loot down 
Now it's time for me to take ya uptown 

It's like that man, it's like that (yes!) (7X) 
It's like this, Shaheed! 

Shaheed:
Rakim: "Why waste time on the microphone" ..
[Verse 1: Q-Tip]
We don't believe you 'cause we the people
I'll still be in the rear, yo, we don't need you
You ain't a killer nor good, young nigga, move
When we get hungry we eat the same fucking food
The ramen noodle
Your simple voodoo is so maniacal, reliable to pull a juju
The irony is that this bad bitch in my lap
She don't love me, she make bunnies, she gon' study that
She gon' give it to me, ain't gon' tell me run it back
She gon' take the brain or weather plain, she spit on that
The doors are signed with, don't try to rhyme with
VH1 has a show that you could waste your time with
Guilty pleasures take the edge off reality
And for a salary I'd probably do that shit sporadically
The OG Gucci wasn't spittin' with iguanas
The IRS piranha see a nigga gettin' commas
Niggas in the hood living in a fishbowl
Gentrify here, now it's not a shit hole
Trendsetter, I know, my shit's cold
I ain't said it yet because I ain't so bold, hey yo

[Hook: Q-Tip]
All you Black folks, you must go
All you Mexicans, you must go
And all you poor folks, you must go
Muslims and gays, boy, we hate your ways
So all you bad folks, you must go

[Bridge: Phife Dawg & Q-Tip]
The fog in the smog of new media that logs
False narratives of guys that came up against the odds
We not just nigga rappers with the bars
It's kismet that we cosmic with the stars

[Verse 2: Phife Dawg]
You bastards overlooking street art
Better yet, street smarts but you keep us off the charts
So motherfuck your numbers and your statisticians
Fuck you know about true competition?
Just like the [?] picture that talking about he hittin'
The only ones who's hitting are the ones that currently spittin'
We got your missie smitten rubbing on a little kitten
Dreaming of a world that's equal for women with no division
Boy, I tell you that's vision
Like Tony Romo when he hitting Witten
The Tribe be the best in they division
Shaheed Muhammad cut it with precision
Who can come back years later, still hit the shot?
Still y'all tryna move me off the fucking block
Babylon, bloodclot
Two pon yo headtop, yeah

[Hook: Q-Tip]
All you Black folks, you must go
All you Mexicans, you must go
And all you poor folks, you must go
Muslims and gays, boy, we hate your ways
So all you bad folks, you must go
[Q-Tip] 
Babies babble on, they lookin for excuses 
Game for the buzzer who kicked it to the losers 
Lame as a brain, could be, golly gee 
If you see a shrink he'll charge you a fee 
If you see me ya see the fee is nothing 
[Fee will be for patience] all that's no fronting 
What is a party if it doesn't really rock? 
What is a poet? All balls, no cock 
What is a war if it doesn't have a general? 
What's channel nine if it doesn't have Arsenio? 
What is life if you don't have fun? 
What is a what if you ain't got a gun? 
What's Ali without Shaheed Muhammad? 
Nothing. [Calpekur] makes you vomit 
What is a Quest if the players ain't willing? 
What is a pence if you don't have a shilling? 
Excuse me if I'm chillin, hey what, say what 
What's a fat man without food in his gut? 
What's a child birth, without the umbilical? 
What's United Parcel, without the deliverer? 
What's momma-san, without poppa-san? 
What's martial arts without Daniel-San? 
What's Rasheed without Tonya, Tamika? 
What's orange juice and Doug E. Doug without Shaniqua? 
Not a not a not a, not a damn thing 
What's Duke Ellington without that swing? 
What's Alex Haley if it doesn't have roots? 
What's a weekend if you ain't knockin boots? 
What's a black nation, without black unity? 
What is a child who doesn't know pubery? 
What is my label when I exit boom status? 
What's menage-a-tois, or, that is 
What is sex when you have three people? 
What are laws if they ain't fair and equal? 
What's Clark Kent without a telephone booth? 
What is a liquor if it ain't 80 proof? 
What are the youth if they ain't rebellin? 
What's Raplh Cramden, if he ain't yellin 
at Ed Norton, what is coke snortin? 
What is position if there is no contortin? 
What is hip-hop if it doesn't have violence? 
Chill for a minute, Doug E. Fresh said silence 

What is a glock if you don't have a clip? 
What's a lollipop without the Good Ship? 
What's S&M if you don't have chains? 
What's a con artist if he doesn't have brains? 
What's America without greed and glamour? 
What's an MC if he doesn't have stamina? 
What's music fractured without Mr. Walt? 
What's Trugoy without a phrase called torte? 
What's Kris Lighty if he wasn't such a baby? 
What is a woman if she didn't say maybe? 
Baby laid down, I removed the frown 
What would be my penal cord if it wasn't brown? 
What is a paper without a president? 
What is a compound without a element? 
What is a jam if you don't spike the punch? 
Was it Bruce Lee if you don't like brunch? 
Oooh ooh, it's like that you keep goin 
Freak freak y'all cause you know that we showin 
What to go what to go what to go what to go what 
to go what to go what to go what to go WHAT!
R: 
We got the bump-da-bump-da-bump bump (6X) 
We got the bump-da-bump-da-bump bump-da-bump-da-bump 
Bump-da-bump-da-bump 

Q-Tip: 
Yo, we preparin ourselves for this ultimate war 
The MCs are really lost and it's at a big cost 
We be rhymin at our show thinkin we gettin dough 
Movin throught every town off the fumes of... 
And accolades of the crowd with our chests out proud 
Yo, we bout to pack these joints so that these...sound loud 
Some kids be actin stank like a baby pant 
It's the rapper Abstract that make the joint get amped 
Yo, use your body maker and use your minds, to break true 
Yo, we gotta do the do 
Son, we livin in a time where mad folks talk (shit) 
Representin they crews or they East-West clicks 
Let me tell everybody from coast to coast 
About the lands we boast, but we don't own jack 
How the (fuck) we movin through makin moves like that? 
How the (hell) we movin through makin moves like that? 
Can you explain that? I doubt that, very highly 
We got jewels and Mo and the life is tight rowdy 
Everybody lookin (shitty) like a to' down committee 
Let's make these institutions, body slam for the smitties 
I got girls with plenty tails, smarts and big (titties) 
And they all stressin me, yo, really? 
What really goes on? (James Brown: I don't know) 

R: 

Q-Tip: 
One is for the beat and the two is for the rhyme 
Three is for the life, now we on this incline 
Never catch this kid stickin forks in swine 
Never ran my gibs in nuthin less than a dime 
A few of my brothas did that asshole one time 
Strivin miss sunrise, sometimes is known as crime 
The three twenty-five got that Windex shine 
And when I shot skelly, I had my boxes in lines 
All I wanna do is live life and be fair 
I used to stress girls with long legs and long hair 
Now, I want a woman with a spiritual flair 
God will never make it too hard for me to bare 
I'm hungry like a derelict whose stays in the diluse 
Some can count me out, but yo, I doubt that I lose 
The Westernized world got our minds confused 
You frontin on me, ak, then you don't get bruised 
The funny style cats, they be playin games like Chucky 
Government officials shoot their same old... 
Made of devil agents a.k.a. the devil flunky 
Stiff (ass) squares gettin mad cuz we funky 
This the crap game, then we got the top rolls 
The positive jumps the negative like frogs 
Resentin evil vibes, yo, that (shit) is at the morgue 
We celebrate laughin down in at the smorgas borg 
You still lookin (shitty) like a to' down committee 
Let's make this institution, buy the land for the smitties 
I got girls with tails, plenty smarts and big (titties) 
And they all stressin me...really 

R:
One, two, what'cha wanna do 
Three, four, cuz we're gonna give you more 
Five, six, and we ain't the tricks 
Seven, eight, and we got it straight 
Nine, ten, cuz we make it blend 
Eleven, twelve, never ever goin for self 
Tribe Called Quest situation 
Check it out 

Q-Tip: 
Power. People really get caught with this on different levels 
Power controls your life 
Money. The companion of the first. Some people tend to worship 
And we know this ain't right. 

Phife: 
Attitude(attitude) is how I get my point across. 
You can't call yourself an MC if you know that you're soft. 
Agressive...is how the stage is approached. I burn MCs like toast 
Cuz I'm the host with the most. 

Consequence: 
Illin(illin) is what you do when you're assin. 
Whether it be you or all up in your past and... 
Cashin...done turned your people corrupt 
It's six o'clock, girl, you gotta get your weight up 

Q-Tip: 
Sex(sex). Either a man or a woman. 
This agenda, but when lovers get down 
Froggin. When niggaz try to play roles 
But when they really need to put that shit background 

Phife: 
Miserable(miserable) is what your whole crew will be 
If you're not original and you show no strategy 
Heavenly...is how the track tends to flow 
And if you don't know, tell em diggy said so 

Q-Tip: 
We livin this cuz it's deep in our bones 
A Tribe Called Quest with this hip hop jones 
So sit and analyze the lyrical spray 
Cuz all it really is is word play(word play)(word) 

Consequence: 
Willie. That's what I kick to get this Millie on a lilly 
Now, I'm packin dimes like Chilli 
Stress(stress). That's what I always go through 
Cuz it's survival of the fittest on the 192 

Q-Tip: 
Knowledge. When the mind accept facts 
On this plane of livin, knowledge be the key, black 
Understanding. Gettin a grip on what's revealed 
When shit be real, can't give understanding back 

Phife: 
Analyze. That's what I do to MCs 
That be talkin bout they this and that, money please 
Ego. I'm on my own jock skill 
Cuz if I don't say I'm the best, tell me who the hell will 

Consequence: 
Cheeba smoke y'all. That's what I use to get high 
When I'm in a rut and I don't know why 
Try. Yo try again my friend 
Cuz you can't see this MC representin Linden 

Q-Tip: 
Freestyle(freestyle). A true MC trait 
And when you do it ill, niggaz respect it as great 
Yo, I gotta...(laughing) 

Phife: 
We livin this cuz it's deep in our bones 
A Tribe Called Quest with the hip hop jones 
So sit and analyze the lyrical spray 
Cuz all it really is is word play(word play)
The taste of nuthin, this does somethin 
Moms that knows that, says I'm frontin 
Call me Smiley, cuz I'm wiley 
Livin life like the life of Riley 
Smokin blunts with a boy named Bud 
We cough up your lungs, cough up your cud 
Put out fires, with a 40, ounce of water 
You know you oughta 
Dance to this, your girl you kiss 
I like fried foods, especially fish 
Afrocentric, I'm electric 
Socialistic and eccentric 
Body's healthy, mind is wealthy 
Thoughts, they flow, that will prepare me 
To be a Native, get creative 
Original and designative 
Listen to the line that's playin 
Listen hard to what Q's sayin 
Politicians are magicians 
Make your vote, they hope your wishin 
Ambiguous words, senseless verbs 
They all amount to crap that's heard 
Violent hip hop, money flip flops 
Promoters won't book, but it still rocks 
I'm a Zulu, yes, a true blue 
Red Alert is with the poo-poo 
Ozone layer, loses flava 
Here's the edge that you will savor 

Jarobi: 
The economy...politics...police...everything 
Except for the youth 
But the youth about to come back 

Q-Tip: 
Alright, here they come 
Uh oh, uh oh, uh! 

Q-Tip: 
With expressions and I'm guessin 
19 years is a youthful lesson 
Fallin skies babe, open eyes babe 
Can't you see what lays inside babe 
Makin mentions on this tension 
Rhythmic lovin, my profession 
Hips, they gyrate, scripts I narrate 
No banana, I ain't a primate 
Ain't no soul glo, just an afro 
The head is bred to let the thoughts grow 
Quest together, to lands of never 
Sleet and snow and storms can't sever 
Tribe is growin, never know when 
For this time, six necks may show in 
Dialogues have been accepted 
Negatives have been rejected 
That's the music, negro music 
Is here for all, so you must choose it 
Phonies fondle, watch it throttle 
3-6-5 straight out the bottle 
Bustin caps, finger snaps 
I prefer the second for ghetto tracks 
Phife, Jarobi, Ali told me 
Get the force like Wan Kenobi 
Force his teachin, beats are screechin 
Poly plateaus, we aim for reachin 
Tribalization, freaks the nation 
A mass of peers in celebration 
Hopes been real high, since the knee high 
Days of youth, feelin good and real spry 
Avid combos, hear those bongos 
Boom cacka boom, that's how they go 
We ain't nomads, but we real glad 
Hip hop slams through the nineties, no fad 
As a rhythm, have been given 
Hurry up, become, we breakin out, out 

Shaheed: 
With a rhythmic instinction to be able to travel 
Beyond existing forces of life 
Basically, that Tribal 
And if you wanna get the rhythm 
Then you have to join a Tribe 
Word, peace